	Starter Story Premium Solopreneur Report 2.0														Instagram / Twitter					
Solopreneur	Business	Website	Business description	Industry	Main product / service	Product Pricing	Revenue (yearly)	Dedication	Initial investment	How came up with the idea	Main customer acquisition channel	Employees	Location	Year started	Username	Followers	Tools			Link to full case study
Eric Barone	Stardew Valley	stardewvalley.net	Mobile video game	Media	Product	Stardew Valley is priced at $4.99 for iOS and $13.99 on Steam.	$300,000,000	Full time	N/A	 In 2011, Eric started working on the video game Stardew Valley as a way to improve his chances of getting a job.	Eric launched a website and a subreddit to share updates and gather feedback from gamers. He leveraged this audience to promote his game, provide gamers with tips on playing Stardew Valley, and address common questions. Within the first three weeks on the App Store, it sold tens of thousands of copies and generated over $1 million in sales.	0	USA	2011	@ConcernedApe	500K - 1M				How a First-time Developer Created Stardew Valley
Nathan Barry	Convertkit	convertkit.com	Email marketing platform	Software	SaaS	Convertkit has 3 plans: Free, Creator ($9/mo), and Creator Pro ($29/mo)	$25,000,000	Full time	$1,000 - $5,000	In 2013, Nathan set a challenge for himself: build a $5K/mo SaaS in 6 months with just $5,000. He got the idea after reading people's complaints about Mailchimp online, and decided to build a product that addressed those.	Initially, Nathan directly outreached to online creators and bloggers, offering to manually help them migrate from their previous email marketing platform to address the main objection. Affiliate programs then became a core part of how ConvertKit made money and scaled beyond a 1000 customers, with a forever ongoing 30% revenue share on each month a referral is using ConvertKit.	0 (Hired a contractor to develop the first version and had a couple of developer friends as informal consultants. Kept that structure until the company hit $30K/mo)	USA	2013	@nathanbarry 	100K - 500K	Email	Trello	Blog	The Web App Challenge | Nathan Barry
Gary Brewer	BuiltWith	builtwith.com	Find out what websites are built with	Software	SaaS	Gary has three subscriptions ranging from $295 - $995. He has a total of ~3,000 paying customers.	$14,000,000	Full time	$1,000 - $5,000	"While searching for his next idea, Brewer naturally looked at other websites for inspiration. While looking through the source code of a website (neat trick programmers often do), Brewer found a piece of code unique to Java and could deduce that the website was built using that technology.

And then it clicked.

""Wouldn't it be cool to know the exact technology every website uses?"". "	The main growth push came after Gary showed his website to the founder of AboutUs (an online directory with information from millions of businesses) and he decided to add a BuiltWith link to every record. This 10x'd their traffic. Now, most of his customers come from word of mouth & organic traffic.	0 (Gary brought in a co-founder around 2011)	Australia	2007	@builtwith	0 - 5K	ZenDesk			How BuiltWith generates $14 million a year while having zero employees
John David Busch	Busch Global	buschglobal.com	Franchise growth consultants	Coaching	Consulting	Offering clients solutions that present scalable, intelligent growth.	$12,000,000	Full time	$10,000 - $20,000	John's passion for entrepreneurship and business growth motivated him to create Busch Global  first as a franchise and a development partner. His early successes demonstrated the potential of franchising, inspiring the business idea.	Networking, through building relationships and connections with potential clients has been a critical factor that has driven and will continue to drive the success of Busch Global. However, the business still does SEO and updates to their website regularly. 	0	Austin, TX	1995	@jdbusch3	0 - 5K		Hubspot	Google Calendar	How I Started A $1M/Month Business Growing Franchise Concepts
Oliver Brocato	Tabs Chocolate	tabs.co	Aphrodisiac chocolate brand	E-commerce	Product	The store's shop section of Tabs Chocolate offers three size variants: 1 box, 2 boxes, and 3 boxes, at $38.99/box, $36.26/box, and $32.36/box.	$11,000,000	Full time	< $1,000	Oliver had built a great experience in E-commerce and Tiktok through his previous businesses, and one day while he saw a girl on Tiktok talking about sex chocolates (8M views and 2M likes), and he was able to see how the product was available in certain local shops but none online. That was his lightbulb moment.	Oliver made sure to design the product in a Tiktok-friendly way. This meant it was easy to explain the whole premise of the product with a short video clip. Undoubtedly, TikTok is the primary acquisition channel for Tabs Chocolate. He also partners with micro-influencers on social media channels to bring traffic to his site.	0 (with few contractors and agencies. However, he's the main guy in running the business)	Michigan	2021	tabs.chocolate	10K - 50K	Shopify	Klaviyo	Triple Whale	How Oliver Brocato built Tabs Chocolate to $11M/year using a viral content strategy
Scott Delong	Viral Nova	viralnova.com	Curation site for viral content	Media	Niche blog	Scott makes the majority of his money through AdSense ($2 per thousand views).	$10,000,000	Full time	< $500	Inspired by sites like SitePoint which were making $30K/mo through AdSense alone in 2005 (much more than his paychecks), Scott went on to build various sites and started Viral Nova as just another site to make some supplemental income while traveling through Europe. He at the time had no idea it would be as lucrative as it came to be.	Scott attributed his rapid growth to Facebook when the articles he wrote seemed to hit the virality point every now and then, and attract huge surges of traffic that also helped him make more money through Adsense.	0 (has a few writers)	Ohio, USA	2013 (Sold 2015 for $100M)	@scottintheworld	10K - 50K	WordPress	TruePixel		This Guy Made Millions In 8 Months With His Startup
Markus Frind	Plenty of Fish	pof.com	Dating site	Community	Product	The site was free to use and advertisements were the primary monetization channel.	$10,000,000	Full time	< $1,000	"Markus started Plenty of Fish in 2003 as a way to improve his résumé. A new programming language called ASP.NET was released, and instead of reading books about it, he went ahead and created the site in two weeks to learn it. 

In 2008, he was still running the business off his laptop while travelling around the world. It was at 15 million users and $10 million in revenue, and that's when he started hiring employees. 

In 2015 he sold the business for $575M."	Product-based marketing and free access to users was the way Markus got people off the ground. He introduced the "POF Chemistry Predictor," which used an in-depth questionnaire to assess users' personalities and recommend compatible matches. This added credibility to the site and was successful in gradually building a legitimate dating community.	0 (until 2008)	Canada	2003	-		ASP NET			Plenty of Fish founder Markus Frind on love, steel mills and selling out for $800 million
Amit Agarwal	Digital Inspiration	digitalinspiration.com	Google plugins for docs, sheets, slides and more	Software	Product	Amit has around 13 apps. They cost anywhere from $49/year-$79/year and have been downloaded millions of times.	$10,000,000	Full time	< $500	After he quit his corporate job, he started the blog to showcase his technical skills. In 2005, he built a Gmail plugin that allowed customers to send mail merges with attachements.	"Started blogging to promote skills & became the first professional blogger in India. His blog attracted thousands of visitors. He started building these apps & leveraged his audience by promoting the plugins on his blog.
"	0	India	2004	@labnol	100K - 500K	JavaScript	Google Cloud Platform	Photoshop	"I'm Amit And This Is How I Work

Top Tech Blogger Amit Agarwal"
Dan Ni	TLDR Newsletter	tldr.tech	Tech news newsletter	Media	Niche blog	Free for subscribers. The TLDR newsletter makes a vast majority of its revenue from sponsors of the newsletter. He charges upwards of $15,000 per issue…for one sponsored placement.	$5,000,000	Full time	< $500	Dan was a stock trader in NYC after his education, but his interest in software and engineering led him to create Scraper API, a tool for developers to extract data from web pages. After running the business for a few years and scaling it to six figures in revenue, he decided to start a newsletter due to his growing fascination with technology and current news.	Dan started by spending small amounts of money on Reddit and Quora ads, which enabled him to reach 1,000 subscribers within his first month. Now - he's moved to a strategic paid ad strategy involving the channels - Instagram, Facebook, Linkedin, and Twitter.	0 (has a few freelancer assistants now, but he's built the entire thing by himself).	USA	2020	@tldrdan	10K - 50K				TLDR: The Multi-Million Dollar Newsletter Run by 1 Guy
Jeff Sheldon	Ugmonk	ugmonk.com	Desk furniture, lifestyle products maker and curator	E-commerce	Product	Ugmonk's products range from phone and monitor stands for work, to note-takers for productivity, ranging from as low as $39 to $800 and upwards.	$5,000,000	Full time	$1,000 - $5,000	Jeff started a full-time design job right after his graduation and found himself brainstorming about working on high-quality products built with a design-first mentality. He first started with his e-commerce business in which he designed t-shirts for other sites, and eventually but finally entering into work and productivity products in the middle of a recession.	Until Jeff launched his current bestseller product, The Analog, he had relied only on organic acquisition methods - Email Marketing and posting content on Instagram and Twitter. After the launch of Analog, paid social and Google ads have shown positive ROI, and organic methods have been ongoing in a combination with paid methods.	1 (worked only with his wife for many years but now it has a team of 5 part-time helpers)	USA	2008	@ugmonk	10K - 50K	Shopify	WordPress	Klaviyo	The Story of Ugmonk: From Side Project to Lifestyle Product Empire
Ali Abdaal	Ali Abdaal	aliabdaal.com	Productivity and self-improvement mentor	Media	Online courses	Ali's income is generated through 17 streams, including YouTube ads, affiliate, etc. He also has created different online courses priced at $995 and $4,995	$4,000,000	Full time	$6,000 - $10,000	Back in 2017 while Ali was still a student at Cambridge University. He was studying to become a doctor (his dream was to specialise in plastic surgery). Back then, he started creating videos to help other people with studying and passing exams. This is when he started his first business with his brother, 6Med, a platform to help people pass the entrance exams and get into medicine.	"Ali approached YouTube growth with a very analytical approach. He studied that a channels with 1M subscribers have 4,000 uploaded videos. This means, on average, you’d need to have uploaded 418 videos to get 10k to 100k subscribers and 152 for your first thousand subscribers. After he figured out these statistics, Ali started uploading videos at least twice a week, once he got serious about becoming a YouTuber. This, with his content strategy combined, enabled him to hit 10k subscribers with just 91 videos in 6 months. 

After graduating from Cambridge, he went to work as a Junior Doctor in the UKs National Health Service. 2018 is also when he had his first ‘viral’ success with a video about studying for exams. He hit 100,000 YouTube subscribers in 2018, and 1 million subscribers in September 2020. That's when he started publishing courses online to pass on some of the stuff he learned."	4 (Hired a team on 2020 to help run the channel)	London, UK	2017	@aliabdaal	1M+	Fantastical 3	Superhuman	Todoist	How Ali Abdaal Made $4.5M+ Through 15 Income Streams in 2023
Evan Sutker	Anything Sports	shop.anythingsports.org	Sports and outdoor brand	E-commerce	Product	They primarily sell their products on Amazon, with prices ranging from $179 to $1500 and upwards.	$4,000,000	Full time	N/A	Evan decided there had to be a better way to buy quality, affordable sporting goods online. After searching and reviewing hundreds of products, Evan got fed up with the inconsistencies, markups, and poor customer service and decided to start Anything Sports.	Evan spent the past two years building out his own brand of sporting goods on Amazon and now sells directly on his website. A huge growth driver has been positive reviews on Amazon - they have over hundreds of five star reviews.	0	Charlotte, NC	2019	-		Amazon			
Pieter Levels	Remote OK	remoteok.com	Global community of remote workers, with an online directory of places for digital nomads to live in	Community	Directory	Remote OK charges $399 – $4,143 per job post.	$2,900,000	Full time	N/A	Pieter had built 70+ projects by the age of 36, and only 4 of them ever made money and grew. From that point onwards, he adopted his now familiar approach to coding and business - build websites quickly and monetize from the beginning, and Remote OK was started with the same approach.	Pieter had initially built a simple spreadsheet which was made public and shared on Twitter. When fully developed, he reached #1 on Product Hunt and became the #15 highest-voted product of all time with 1,000 upvotes. After the initial traction, Peter began to capture emails on his site and began sharing job updates to his subscribers. He also remains active on Twitter and engages with his audience.	0	The Netherlands		nomadlist	10K - 50K	HTML	CSS	Javascript	
Dan Koe	Dan Koe	thedankoe.com	Content creation and digital products for creators	Education	Online courses	Dan offers a few free products (newsletter and courses) and generates his revenue mainly from a membership called Modern Mastery HQ ($27/mo) and two courses: The 2 Hour Writer ($150) and Digital Economics ($999 - $8,000)	$2,500,000	Full time	< $500	Eager to choose an unconventional career path and his love for fitness got him to start a fitness YT channel in college, then a freelance course out of his love for web development through which he built an audience, and lot of iterations with failing and succeeding at digital products.	At the beginning of his freelancing web design business, Dan used to search for businesses on Yelp and cold-email them. He now follows a methodical content strategy with newsletters as the long-form writing medium, YouTube videos as the video content medium, and Twitter, Instagram, and LinkedIn for repurposing it to short-form content.	0 (Eventually hired his roomate to help with community management)	USA		@thedankoe	100K - 500K	Landing page	Discord	Circle	Scaling a Solo Business From $10k to $2.5M/year
Dickie Bush	Ship 30 For 30	ship30for30.com	Cohort-based course designed to help people get started with digital writing	Education	Online courses	The course started in 2021 at $50 and is now priced at $800. Once you sign up for the course, you can upgrade to be a First Mate for $1,999, which has personalized feedback from the founder, along with a full behind-the-scenes walkthrough of how they run their course, and all the tools used.	$2,500,000	Full time	N/A	Dickie started writing online in 2020. He was writing a newsletter but after 9 months he only had around 300 subscribers. Decided that if people weren’t going to find him, he needed to go to where the people were and double down on it. The people were on Twitter. And so he committed to writing 30 threads in 30 days to grow his account. That personal writing challenge turned into the foundation of Ship 30 for 30, which started as nothing but a Slack accountability group to help people publish consistently.	Twitter has been Dickie's main growth lever. He has mastered a formula to consistently reach thousands of people that he can then impact with his newsletter and courses. Also, a core part of the course itself consists in writing and publishing content every day for a month, resulting in the whole cohort essentially acting as a huge marketing team.	0	USA	2020	@dickiebush	100K - 500K	Samcart	Podia	Twitter	How Dickie Bush Went From 0 to 326k Twitter Followers in 30 Months
Cory Stout	Woodies	woodies.com	Wood & bamboo sunglasses brand	E-commerce	Product	Woodies are priced from $35 to $75.	$2,280,000	Full time	$1,000 - $5,000	"Cory had previously launched a semi-successful watch brand. He was able to sell a few hundred units thanks to a Groupon deal he negotiated.

Due to his watch business, he traveled a couple of times to China, after one of the trips, he came back with the idea for wood sunglasses. Wood sunglasses were just coming on to the scene. They always had the first look at products coming out of China because they were always watching the markets in Guangzhou. According to his experience, they would see a cool looking belt show up at the markets, then a month later somebody on Kickstarter would making $200k with it. Wood sunglasses seemed awesome so Cody tried to jump on them early. The same Groupon rep still wanted to work with him, and he was able to sell 8,000 glasses in a week with a launch on Groupon. "	"Their primary acquisition channel is Amazon, where they get around 100 new customers everyday. His essentials to succeed on Amazon are:

- Beautiful images (minimum 5) especially lifestyle images
- Keywords in your title (but it still needs to sound human)
- Competitive price (contributes to high conversion rate)
- NOT having 1-star reviews
- DON'T STOCKOUT: it's such a killer and if you DO stockout, definitely DON'T raise your price right before you do, if anything LOWER your price for the last 10-20 units before you stockout, each ASIN has a 'memory' for when you do get back in stock so that will help you regain ranking quickly"	1	USA	2018	@woodies 	10K - 50K	Shopify	MailChimp	YotPo	Woodies Sunglasses: $3.5 Million Per Year With One Employee 
Justin Welsh	Justin Welsh	justinwelsh.me	Online knowledge products to help other solopreneurs and entrepreneurs grow their business.	Media	Online courses	Justin offers two courses (priced at $150 each), newsletter sponsorships, and a subscription email. He also occasionally does coaching, advising, and speaking engagements. 	$2,100,000	Full time	$10,000 - $20,000	After handling loads of stress as an SVP of sales, Justin decided to step down from his job and start a consulting business. He started creating digital content from there on, and have been moving forward ever since, releasing courses, building a massive following, and double down on his solopreneurship efforts.	Justin posts 600 times a year on Linkedin, over 500 days in a row on Twitter, and recently shifted to a multi-page website to attract search engine traffic. He takes help of a friend to improve the site's SEO.	1-2	NY, USA	2019	thejustinwelsh	10K - 50K	Kajabi	Stripe	Xero	How Justin Welsh Built A $2M Solopreneur Empire - Starter Story
Kat Norton	Miss Excel	miss-excel.com	Microsoft Excels online courses and content	Education	Online courses	Kat's courses are priced between $44 and $497. She also offers bundles that go from $497 to $997.	$2,000,000	Full time	N/A	COVID lockdowns helped Kat realize she wasn't happy with her job. Trying to figure out what she loved to do, she wrote how she liked working on Excel. Her friends suggested, ‘What if you put the Excel tips on TikTok?’ The next day she was already working on it.	"Kat took a really boring topic, Microsoft Excel, and added some creativity to it. But not just that, it was so different from what was out there, she created some polarity by dancing while teaching TikTok. She started by publishing a video every single day.

She also runs monthly webinars to show people how much they can achieve with Excel. These webinars aren't your typical boring Zoom calls. She calls them 'Excel parties' and she can generate $100K with a single event."	0 (She has started getting help in 2023)	USA	2020	@miss.excel	1M+	Thinkfic	Excel	TikTok	How Miss Excel is Able to Have $100k Days Teaching Software Tutorials
Alex Redfern	Lingosi (now merged with LanguaTalk)	languatalk.com	Online language tutoring platform	Education	Online courses	Languatalk offers a fixed number of 55 minute long lessons for each language. If users prefer to pay for lessons one at a time, they can do this for €23.90 per lesson.	$1,440,000	Full time	N/A	While working at an agency in London, Alex was taking online Swedish lessons with a tutor through a site. However, he wasn't satisfied by the quality of all the tutors there, and only liked one named Isabella. It then struck him that he could build such an online tutoring site, except hire only carefully scrutinized tutors for a better user experience. 	Alex recognized that taking tutoring lessons isn't an impulse purchase. Only users desperately looking for one, for a practical reason, would search for language tutors. This makes search engine advertising Alex's most important acquisition channel. With time, Alex has still remained consistent on Google ads. However, he also gets a lot of referrals now. When students’ expectations are exceeded, they recommend Lingoci to others, and Alex gives them a free lesson for doing so.	0	Singapore	2017		0 - 5K	Twilio	TransferWise	Acuity Scheduling	How I Built A $60K/Month Language Tutoring Platform With No Coding Skills
Thomas Frank	Thomas Frank	thomasjfrank.com	Notion resources and courses	Education	Online courses	Thomas sells Notion templates that go from $149 to $229. He also has several courses on different platforms such as Skillshare or Nebula.	$1,440,000	Full time	N/A	In 2010, while in college, Thomas started a blog to share his experiments in getting the most out of college. Since then, he's applied his interests in productivity and self-development to YouTube, several podcasts, a book, and more. He got the idea of this business when he was trying to build a company's wiki and with the difficulties he faced with Google docs, discovering Notion blew his mind.	Thomas has been creating content online for over 10 years (first on a website, then a Youtube channel). He then captures those visitors/watchers to an email list by offering some high quality free products like templates, courses, resources and a newsletter; so they can later get promotions about future content and paid products.	6 (mainly to help him with research and content creation)	USA	2012	@TomFrankly	100K - 500K	Notion	Youtube	Google Calendar	$100K Per Month Selling Notion Templates | Thomas Frank on Mind Meld
Adrian Wood	Modern Producers	modernproducers.com	E-commerce platform that sells softwares and tools to music producers	E-commerce	Product	Adrian's Shopify store houses a vast collection of instruments, kits, labels, and course, and can be browsed at modernproducers.com	$1,440,000	Full time	< $500	A former music producer himself, Mordern Producers is Adrian's way of giving back to the music production community and leveling the playing field between up-and-coming, independent producers and the big league industry players. Helping other artists achieve success is the driving motivation for Adrian.	"Adrain frequently launches giveaways and special offers and hosts various contests to build a goodwill among the music producer community. 

Other channels include facebook messenger broadcasts, where Adrian gets 80-90% open rates and a 10-20% click rate."	Adrian is the sole person running the major business, but operates in a very systematized way with just a handful of part-time employees.	California, USA	2015	annodominibeats	50K - 100K	Shopify	Mailchimp	ClickFunnels	How I Make $85K/Month Selling Tools To Music Producers - Starter Story
Becky Bavli	T is for Tame	tisfortame.com	Hair care products for babies	E-commerce	Product	Becky runs a Shopify store where products start from $8.99. There's also a subscription option to the brand, which enables buyers to get 15% off the products.	$1,440,000	Full time	$20,000 +	Becky had been an ex-ad executive and spent most of her days developing ads for her clients. When she found no good product to tame her twins' hair, she wasn't suprised. She had always dreamt of working on something she believed in.	80% of the sales come from Amazon, 10& in retail, and the rest from her e-commerce store. To drive traffic, she partners with micro influencers and funnels them into an affiliate program. She also makes sure to keep testing her Amazon strategy and get more customer clicks.	0 (Becky is now looking to hire a TikTok agency)	NY, USA	2018	tisfortame	5K - 10K	Amazon	Shopify	Klaviyo	How I Tapped On An Emerging Hair Care Market And Built A $90K/Month Business
Neville Medhora	Neville Medhora	copywritingcourse.com	Copywriting course and content	Education	Online courses	Neville's Copywriting Course costs $97/mo or $750/year	$1,300,000	Full time	< $500	Neville was working on Appsumo when he noticed the emails he was sending out weren't converting. When asked to take a shot at trying to improve it, conversions skyrocketed. Encouraged by the success, he created his first online course.	First students came from his personal network, employees of companies he's been involved, etc. But as someone who's been publishing content online for years, Neville learned how to leverage SEO to get new students for his course, which is his main acquisition channel. Once someone visits the website the main effort is to make them leave their email. Then a 6-month email funnel gets triggered to impact them in the following months.	0	USA		@nevmed	10K - 50K	Hypefury	Copy.ai	WordPress	How He Made Over $2,000,000 Teaching Copywriting Online
Graham Cochrane	The Recording Revolution LLC	recordingrevolution.com	Online courses and membership sites for musicians	Education	Online courses	Graham's course - Mixing University is priced at a one-time payment of $147, which is originally $297 if not on sale. Another course of his, Total Home Recording is priced at $197 and $297 as two respective plans, and Musical Income for $147 as well.	$1,200,000	Full time	< $500	When Graham was laid off from a finance startup that ran out of money, he wanted a freelance source of income. Eventually, he started blogging about his experience in studio as an audio engineer while in college. This content resonated with a huge audience on google and youtube, and Graham ultimately decided to monetize them through courses and bootcamps.	Content marketing is the only marketing channel Graham invests his time into. He consistently publishes articles and videos centred around the music market and his niche, and despite not being an expert in SEO, the value he gives out comes back to him in millions of site traffic and YouTube views.	Few part-time hires	USA	2009	thegrahamcochrane	10K - 50K	Kajabi	Mailchimp	WordPress	How I Generate $1.2M/Year Working 5 Hours Per Week With Audio Online Courses
Jordan Peterson	Allbe Canada	allbe.ca	Health supplements	E-commerce	Product	With a wide selection of health food products, Allbe Canada offers the best prices on quality vitamins and supplements	$1,200,000	Full time		"Jordan's background is in nutritional science as a lecturer at a medical school, which gave him the foundation to understand the complexity of human health and nutrition. However, the true motivation behind founding Allbe Canada came from something other than his professional background, but a personal experience. His mother was diagnosed with a chronic disease. The reality that her health could be improved by altering her lifestyle habits, including nutrition, was a major wake-up call. He began researching extensively, exploring the potential of dietary supplements in supporting overall health. The idea for Allbe Canada sparked during this time, to create a product that could support people's health naturally and holistically.

He knew NMN 4500 was the right idea when I saw its potential impact during the testing phase. They conducted extensive trials and research, which confirmed its benefits. This was not like his other business ideas, which were more theory-based. Here, he saw tangible results, a product that could genuinely help people improve their health."	Allbe Canada is prospering with solid online sales and operational readiness, setting its sights on global expansion, primarily targeting the US and China markets.	1	Canada	2001	@allbeca_	0 - 5K	Shopify	Klaviyo	Zendesk	How I Built A $100K/Month E-Commerce Business In The Health Space
Ervin Kalemi	Publer	publer.io	Social media management platform	Software	SaaS	The software has free, professional, and business plans, at $0/mo, $12/mo, and $21/mo respectively	$1,200,000	Full time	N/A	Ervin holds a degree in computer science and had been employed as a software developer at a startup in Houston before making back to his hometown Albania to build a virtual social media superhero Publer. This idea came up when his brother needed a publisher to publish social media content for his travel agency, and Ervin, with his past skills and experience, quickly got to work.	"Initially, Ervin had acquired customers through direct outreach on Facebook, sponsored ads, and promotional sales campaigns. Facebook was the biggest social network at the time and Ervin made sure to not miss out on its potential.

SEO and Quora had been the next most important channels. Ervin made sure to keep a good SEO performance score at all time, and Quora proved to be the real-time FAQ that users need."	Started solo, now have 10+ employees	Albania	2017	publer.io	0 - 5K	HTML+CSS+JS	Facebook		
Brett Williams	Design Joy	designjoy.co	One person design agency	Marketing	Agency	Brett's course "Productize yourself" is priced at $150 USD, and his agency generates the rest of the cash flow, with monthly plans at $4995.	$1,000,000	Full time	N/A	Brett had started with sharing his design works on social media (even the scrappiest ones). With time, he was able to refine his skills more and more, and fast forward to today he runs this agency with 50 clients as a solo designer and has 10x'd his prices from when he started.	"Brett regularly shared his progress on indiehackers.com, a well-known community for indie makers (who happen to also be his target persona). He replied to questions, shared insights from his own journey, and created a narrative that people loved, as well as a service that people needed.

He also remains active on Twitter, and has over 40,000 followers on the platform."	0	Pheonix, Arizona	2017	BrettfromDJ	10K - 50K	Webflow	Stripe	Flowbase	How Brett from DesignJoy built a $1.3M per year one-person business WHILE working a 9-5
Tiago Forte	Forte Labs	fortelabs.com	Online resource to increase productivity	Community	Directory	Forte Labs' courses are priced at $499 and $999, while Tiago's book is priced at $20 on Amazon (Canada). Other revenue avenues are the affiliate incomes from the site's traffic.	$1,000,000	Full time	N/A	Tiaogo came to believe that practical life skills were one of the greatest areas of need in youth education, but that they required new, more engaging ways of teaching. With the unexpected success of his first course, he ventured into Forte Labs full time.	Tiago runs newsletters with 40,000 subscribers on ConvertKit, and he gains subscribers by writing long, useful SEO friendly content. His success in selling courses stems from his consistency in writing unique articles and blogs that rank him on search engines.	0	Southern California, USA		fortelabsco	0 - 5K	ConvertKit	Ruby On Rails	Amazon	
Dan Go	High Performance Founder	dango.co	Fitness coach for founders and executives	Coaching	Niche blog	Dan has a self-paced course called Lean Body 90 that sells for $397. Dan also works 1 on 1 with clients to help them reach their goals, the prices of which are high-end but not disclosed. 	$1,000,000	Full time	N/A	At a time when Dan was employed in a comfortable corporate job, the unfortunate demise of his mother led him to spend a lot of time in the gym. It helped him recover from depressive thoughts and get back his life on track. It was here when Dan decided to quit his job and do something he was passionate about. He ventured into personal training shortly after that.	Dan started with marketing his coaching on Facebook, which was a great traction generating source until he couldn't scale due to the 5k friend limit. He then moved to Twitter, where he targets his niche positoning to entrepreneurs on Twitter at a large scale. In just a few years, Dan has posted a record 84000 tweets so far! He also promoted his free video on Twitter, that helped him go from 5000 subscribers to over 20k subscribers in 2021. 	Few part-time/freelance team members	Canada	2010	fitfounder	100K - 500K	ConvertKit	Twitter	Instagram	How Dan Go Went From Brick & Mortar to an Audience of 1.2 Million
Mike Perham	Sidekiq	sidekiq.org	Open source asyc job service	Software	SaaS	Sidekiq is a mainly free open source tool for smaller users, but the Pro version costs $995/year	$1,000,000	Full time	N/A	Mike wanted to fix the limitations of existing job processing solutions in the Ruby ecosystem and create a tool that could handle high-volume, asynchronous processing.	"Mike actively promoted Sidekiq through online channels such as forums, blog posts, and social media. He shared information about the library's features, benefits, and usage examples, which helped raise awareness and generate interest among developers.

Being open source also gave him a huge advantage. Sidekiq was made available as a gem on RubyGems.org, the central repository for Ruby libraries. By publishing Sidekiq as a gem, developers could easily discover and install it within their Ruby projects.

He also engaged with the Ruby and Rails communities, participating in discussions, answering questions, and providing support. By being an active member of the community, he built trust and credibility, which in turn attracted users to try Sidekiq."	0	Portland, USA	2011	https://twitter.com/getajobmike	5K - 10K	Ruby On Rails			Mike Perham, Creator of Sidekiq: From Employment to Independence
AJ	Carrd	carrd.co	SaaS platform for building responsive one-page websites	Software	SaaS	Carrd has a free plan, and three pro plans at $9/year, $19/year, and $49/year for Pro Lite, Pro Standard, and Pro Plus plans respectively.	$1,000,000	Full time	< $500	Responsive web designing was growing in popularity back in 2012, and AJ wanted to acquire that skill, as he was also getting bored building templates and themes for sites previously in his career. However, with Wix and Squarespace in the market, he knew he couldn't compete. He changed his approach and positioned Carrd as a simple, responsive builder for one-page websites, the idea that really seemed to resonate with the public.	AJ has not spent a single dollar on marketing! When he was finished with the builder, he just tweeted it out and the tweet started rolling over. The builder really blew up when AJ put it up on Product Hunt (which was considered to be uploaded after being rejected once by product Hunt team). AJ had built a twitter following while building HTML5 UP when he used to share updates on the products, that helped the reach of Carrd's updates as well. AJ believes letting people use the product for free is the best marketing, better than elaborate landing pages and demo videos.	0	USA	2016	ajlkn	50K - 100K	Javascript	Twitter	Product Hunt	Hi! I'm AJ, maker of Carrd and ... after 2.5M sites, $1M ARR, and a funding round, probably time for an AMA!
Jack Butcher	Visualise Value	visualizevalue.com	A design, consulting, and educational company	Marketing	Services	Jack has created several courses for designers and digital creators priced at $99 (all come with access to a private community)	$1,000,000	Full time	< $1,000	After a few years of working on agencies, Jack was operating at a level where he could hear and see what brands were paying for work. That's when he realised that he could offer 90% of the services his employers were providing, but take home a greater share of the margin if he went out alone.	80-90% of Jack's sales come through organic social. He's spent the last years creating and sharing super unique and recognizable visuals that get a lot of reach. He uses the bio link in all his platfors to direct people to Visualize Value's store.	0 (Works with his wife Celia)	USA	2018	@visualizevalue	100K - 500K	Shopify	Instagram 	Twitter	Build Once, Sell Twice: Earn $1M a Year Selling Digital Products
Ryan Milton	TeamFFLEX	teamfflex.com	Online personal training platform	Software	SaaS	Ryan has set monthly and yearly packages, starting at $799 for a month	$984,000	Full time	< $500	Ryan recognized the limitations of gyms, from people not being able to afford it, to people who aren't able to hire a trainer due to availability issues. Taking this online could be massive.	Instagram is the biggest social media channel for TeamFFLEX, with 240k+ followers! The content strategy is a well-balanced mix of humor and testimonials, and serves as a top of the funnel lead generation strategy.	0	Nevada, USA	2014	teamfflex	100K - 500K	Later	Final Cut Pro	Google Calendar	My Online Fitness Coaching Business Hit $1M ARR [Update] - Starter
Scott Bartnick	The Five Day Startup	thefivedaystartup.com	Amazon (and e-commerce) consulting services	Coaching	Consulting	Scott has a 1:1 consulting session priced at $500/month, a $3800 optimization consultation, and a $5000 amazon starter consultation package.	$960,000	Full time	< $500	Scott had been employed at a Fortune 500 company, and while being proud of his achievements, he wanted to venture into something beyond that. While he wanted to live his dream of travelling and earning money online, he started many businesses to fund them. Eventually, landing on e-commerce, failing a few times, and realizing the mistakes overtime, he started doubling down on Amazon, and then to ecommerce consulting.	Scott had also been an ex-founder of a social media marketing agency that grew to over a 100 clients! This made him learn the growth strategies of the platform, and Instagram, until recently, constituted a major acquisition channel for thefivedaystartup as well. (His combined social media channels have grown to over half a million followers!)	0 (outsources tasks like graphic designing)	Florida, USA	2018	thefivedaystartup	10K - 50K	Shopify	ManyChat	ActiveCampaign	How I Started A $80K/Month Amazon Consulting Service
Lucy Bloomfield	10k Customers	tenthousandcustomers.com	12-month program for e-commerce founders	Coaching	Online courses	Lucy first establishes the right applicant fit for her program, and suggests her pricing post that. In order to submit an application, her leads follow the steps on her website: tenthousandcustomers.com	$720,000	Full time	< $500	After walking away from her previous company, Lucy wanted the capital to fund another venture, which led to freelancing, and then consulting her skills that she had learned in the past. From there on, Lucy had begun building her program.	"Lucy has grown the company from scratch with just two channels: Facebook ads and phone calls + emails.

Her FB ads don't advertise a program, rather they talk about solving a problem, after which gives her leads an opt-in form.

Her ""phone getting"" email strategy is super simple, the script of which Lucy has mentioned in this case study."	0 (currently building a sales team)	Australia		tenthousandcustomers	0 - 5K	Shopify	Stamped	Monday	Creating A Program For Ecommerce Founders That Makes $60K/Month Thanks To Phone Sales
Craig Adam	Craig Adam	craigadamjoinery.co.uk	Kitchen tools and utensils seller	E-commerce	Product	The solopreneur focuses on selling products with a margins of up to 40%.	$720,000	Full time	$10,000 - $20,000	Craig was dissatisfied in 8-5 job and was looking for an alternative income generating method when he stumbled across the Amazon FBA business. 	Adam has implemented a email list building strategy that has helped him acquire customers. Besides, he is keen on building customer trust,and so he issues coupons in exchange for genuine customer reviews. 	0	UK	2015	craig_adam__	0 - 5K	Amazon	Convertkit	EcomBalance	"How I Built A Six Figure Amazon FBA Business
"
Mac Martine	Castanet 	gocastanet.com	LinkedIn outreach automation tool	Software	SaaS	Paid plans priced at $99, $199 and $339 per month	$720,000	Full time	< $500	Mac had a knack for building apps but was not sure what to build. He decided to hold brain-picking meetings with friends, business owners, and executives when he quickly realized the need for business tools, which inspired his business.	Creating awareness through outreach campaigns and conducting demos opened up opportunities for meeting with resellers, a key strategy to scaling his business. 	0	Portland, OR, USA	2018	The SaaS Bootstrapper	0 - 5K	Webflow	Github	Slack	How I Built A LinkedIn Outreach Tool That Generated $61K MRR Before Getting Acquired
Adam Bryan	Urban Tastebud	urbantastebud.com	Affiliate marketing blog	Media	Niche blog	Adam earns up to 72% net profit average a month through affiliate commissions	$612,000	Full time	< $500	Bryan discovered subscription boxes while working on a gluten-free menu blog. His article about the best gluten-free subscription boxes was successful, leading him to focus on niche-specific subscription boxes.	Urban Tastebud receives about 12% of its traffic from Pinterest while a majority comes from Google search	0	FL, USA	2012	adambryan.eth	0 - 5K	Ahrefs	Convertkit	Semrush	How I Started My $51K/Month Subscription Box Review Business
David Perell	Write of Passage	writeofpassage.school	Online writing school	Education	Online courses	Write of Passage sells three different packages for their cohort: $4,000 for cohort-only access, $5,000 which includes access to one cohort + 3 months of post-cohort support, and $9,000, which gives you lifetime access to cohorts.	$600,000	Full time	N/A	Discouraged with his GPA scores in college, David unlocked his passion for writing after completing Tiago Forte's course - Building a Second Brain. Armed with the note taking system in the course, David's writers block disappeared, after which he launched his a weekly newsletter and published various essays.	A vast majority of people find David on Twitter. It's what he calls the top of his funnel for his professional life, where he shares his journey, challenges, and learnings for the audience. Podcasting, publishing essays online, and his two weekly newsletters are his other linchpins to the marketing of Write of Passage.	0	USA	2019	david_perell	100K - 500K	WordPress	Pressable	Twitter	The Story of Write of Passage
Joel Griffith	Browserless	browserless.io	Browser automation built for developers	Software	SaaS	The software pricing is divided into three plans: Free, $250/month, and a premium plan that bigger businesses need, the pricing for which is custom according to the requirements.	$600,000	Side hustle	< $500	Browserless was something Joel stumbled upon while building other things. At the time, he was building a wishlist app for his family to create birthdays and holidays list, which required gathering items across the internet in one place. As a developer, he couldn't find an easy way to do that and the existing options were costly.	"After seeing no results with paid search advertising, Joel spent all his time on support and content. He published elaborate guide blogs that have trafficked well on Google. He has mentioned few blog examples in his interview with Starter Story.

Browserless has also gained major traction as a result of Joel keeping it open-sourced. This gives users (mostly developers) a lot of time to try out the service and see if they need it. Keeping it open sourced have costed Joel monthly subscriptions, but as a developer finds it a great way to encourage retention."	0	USA	2017	browserless	0 - 5K	Stripe	Sendgrid	DigitalOcean	How I Built An Automation Tool For Developers And Grew It To $28K/Month
Gina Horkey	Horkey HandBook	horkeyhandbook.com	Online courses business	Coaching	Online courses	Initial investment/commitment followed by a monthly subscription	$588,000	Full time	< $500	"Gina started a virtual assistant side hustle while working a full-time job in personal finance. She documented her journey and soon gained a following of like-minded individuals. This led her to launch a VA foundation course, which has grown into a 7-figure business. 
"	Positive customer reviews: bringing in some beta members who were familiar with her courses to get some early feedback on the new program helped in customer acquisition.	Virtual assistants	Wyoming, MN, USA	2014			Drip	Slack	Monday.com	This Mum Of 3 Kids Turned A Side Hustle Into A $588K/Year Online Courses Business 
Priscilla Blevins	Keto Girl Nutritionist	ketogirlnutritionist.com	Online nutritionist	Coaching	Consulting	Charges $4,500 per client	$540,000	Full time	< $500	While working as a healthcare specialist, Priscilla saw the need for support among patients with thyroid imbalance. This led her to open a virtual private practice business where she offers high-ticket group coaching	90% of clients come from Instagram thanks to finding a super niche target audience: women who have a thyroid imbalance.	1 CFO	Austin, TX, USA	2019	keto.girl.nutritionist	10K - 50K	Instagram	Asana	Convertkit	I Grew My Company To $45K/Month In 1.5 Years [By Myself]
Christopher Thomas	Eli Mason	elimason.com	Premium cocktail mixers	E-commerce	Product	Christopher sells home bar kits, mixers, syrups, cherries, bar tools, and more, with products starting from $9.99	$540,000	Full time	$6,000 - $10,000	Christopher had bought this business from the original founder in 2017, after he fell in love with their products at local bottle shops.	The biggest sale drivers have been facebook and instagram ads, and a lot of product reviews, which helped him grow the ecommerce brand.	0	Tennessee, USA	2014	drinkelimason	0 - 5K	Shopify	Klaviyo	Facebook	How I Started A $20K/Month Old Fashioned Cocktail Mixer - Starter
Luke Van Der Veer	Website Rental Coaching	websiterentalcoaching.com	Website rental business	Coaching	Marketplace	The common flat fee range is from $500 per month to $5,000 per month, depending on the target niche, city, lead volume, and lead quality. 	$504,000	Full time	$1,000 - $5,000	Luke was searching for a profitable side gig when he realized that websites are like digital properties. With a top-ranking lead generation website, he could rent it to local businesses and earn a steady monthly income.	Customer attraction is done entirely with search engine optimization, which helps them rank high on Google for certain keywords. Then they capture those leads and find small and medium sized business who are already paying for leads to offer them the website that's already generating leads organically.	0	 NY, USA	2016	lukevanderveer	0 - 5K	Weebly	Ahrefs	Semrush	I Quit My Full-Time Job & Started A $42K/Month Website Rental Business
Shannon Mattern	Web Designer Academy	shannonmattern.com	Video tutoring platform for business owners to build their websites and market themselves	Education	Online courses	Shannon generates revenue through 1:1 client work, affiliate commissions, and her courses. By the 3rd year of working on WDA, Shannon had reached six-figures in revenue, enough to quit her day job and go in full-time!	$504,000	Full time	< $500	Shannon experienced a panic attack at her job, and decided on to start freelance web design business on the side (as that is what she actually loved about her job). Eventually, she started with her free 5-day website challenge, and kept reiterating over and over, still while working in her job.	Relationships and collaborations works best for Shannon, and she develops and nurtures her email list everyday as the sole medium of her customer acquisition practices.	1 (part-time)	Ohio, USA	2015	shannonlmattern	0 - 5K	Woocommerce	Stripe	Asana	How I Started A $10K/Month Business Selling DIY Web Design And Marketing Courses
Alex West	CyberLeads	getcyberleads.com	A monthly database of 1,000+ handpicked companies that just raised millions and are looking to outsource	Marketing	Directory	There's a Free plan that offers a small amount of leads per month, a Do It Yourself ($297/mo) plan that offers around 1,000 per month, and a Done For You ($2,997/mo) plan that includes the cold emailing service	$500,000	Full time	< $1,000	While working as a developer for a startup, he realized the company had new needs popping up every single day. So the solution initially aimed at building a database of tools that could help startups find tools and services to solve all types of needs. Over time, it has evolved into a product for agencies that are looking for hot leads to pitch their services to.	Alex has been documenting his journey for years, blogging almost daily. Same on Twitter, which is the channel that brings the most customers by far. He also had a decent bump after a mention on the My First Million podcast.	0	Greece	2020	@alexwestco	10K - 50K	Twitter	Airtable	Buttondown	$300k boring business - interview with Alex West
Ruiyi Chin	Easlo	easlo.co	Notion templates and tutorials for creators	Education	Product	Ruiyi's flagship product is the Second Brain template priced at $130. His less-expensive templates — such as Bullet Journal, costs $20, and Finance Tracker, costs $40. He sells all these templates through Gumroad.	$500,000	Full time	< $500	Ruiyi is just 20 years old currently. He started used Notion for taking lecture notes at school and realized after graduating that people could customize Notion for different uses. He then decided to fiddle around with the program's functionality, started producing basic templates, like a budget tracker and a habit tracker, and started promoting it on Twitter.	"Ruiyi started with sharing his first templates for free, which he advertised on Twitter to attract followers. He also used Product Hunt to get the word out.

Today, his twitter page has over 290k followers, and his Product Hunt page has 16k+ followers. His followers are mostly creators and small businesses who like to use Notion as their digital brain."	0	Singapore	2021	heyeaslo	100K - 500K	Notion	Gumroad	Twitter	I made $239000 this year selling budgeting and productivity templates online. It's the perfect business to start as a one-person team
Vitaly Motuz	ReviewsOnMyWebsite	reviewsonmywebsite.com	Reputation management software	Software	SaaS	Paid plans priced at $9, $29 and $59 per month	$492,000	Full time	$1,000 - $5,000	"Motuz came up with the idea when he was looking for a widget to embed Google reviews into his friend's website. He realized that many business owners would find such a widget useful, and so he decided to invest his resources into building a profitable solution.

"	A "powered by" link on free plan review widgets has generated traffic and backlinks, creating a snowball effect. Organic search has also helped to attract customers. 	0 (with a few part time contractors)	Edmonton, AB, Canada	2017	@ReviewsOnMySite	0 - 5K	Jira	BaseCamp	Slack	How This Self-Taught Developer Built A $492K/Year Reputation Management Platform 
Jayne Havens	Snooze Fest by Jayne Havens	thesnoozefest.com	Sleep coaching business	Coaching	Agency	two-week sleep consulting package valued at $425	$480,000	Full time	$1,000 - $5,000	Jayne left her career to focus on being a mom and became an expert in infant sleep. She started helping her friends, which led to more referrals. She turned her hobby into a career by enrolling in a sleep consultant certification program and launching her own business. 	Networking has been crucial in acquiring clients for Jayne. She actively engages with moms through Facebook groups, converting them into customers. Additionally, she has established herself as an expert and authority on infant and toddler sleep, which has made it easier for her to attract and retain customers. 	0	MD, USA	2018	snoozefestbyjaynehavens	5K - 10K	Thinkific	Acuity	Canva	How I Started A $120K/Year Sleep Coaching Business
Matt Oney	Zenmaster Wellness	zenmasterwellness.com	Affiliate marketing based content site	Media	Niche blog	Matt sees around 50k site visits a month, which translates to $15k/month in revenue at an 85% profit margin. For wellness products, affiliate commissions can go upto 40% per sale, and Matt ensured he had a predicable revenue stream in this niche.	$480,000	Full time	< $500	A pay cut at his job, and a friend's success in this niche inspired Matt to start during the pandemic.	"Matt's bread and butter has been SEO, and he runs a standard affiliate business model, with a kickback on every click (or lead) from his brand partnerships. He has maintained partnerships with over a hundred brands. 

For SEO content, Matt makes sure what he writes is the damn best piece on the topic on the internet! He spends time addressing searchers’ intent and aims to answer questions better than anyone else."	0	San Diego, CA, USA	2020	zenmasterwellness	0 - 5K	Elementor Pro	Google Search Console	Superhuman	I Quit My 9 To 5 & Built An Affiliate Site Making $40K/Month
Jamie I.F.	Increasing	increasing.com	Affiliate marketer	Marketing	Niche blog	Makes money from mainly affiliate commissions, display ads, digital product sales, and direct sponsorships from brands.	$480,000	Full time	< $1,000	Jamie realized the potential for Amazon affiliate links as a revenue stream while working on his social project. He added these links to his niche websites and scaled his project to commercial success.	90% of their traffic comes from organic searches via SEO thanks to our always improving SOPs and content creation skills.	0	London, UK	2019	@Jamie_IF	10K - 50K	Ahrefs	SurferSEO	Convertkit	How I Built A Bunch Of Niche Sites After Uni That Makes Me $40K/Month Through Affiliates
Pat Stedman	Pat Stedman Dating and Relationship Coaching	patstedman.com	Dating & relationship coach	Coaching	Consulting	A “high ticket” — $5,200 per retainer is the current pricing model.	$420,000	Full time	< $500	He started by sharing valuable insights about attraction and seduction from a NYT best-selling book with friends experiencing dating and relationships isues. Recognizing his expertise, he quit  corporate job & launched the business.	understanding dating and relationship issues and recognizing personality differences built trust, attracting repeat customers and referrals.	0	New York	2015	Pat Stedman	0 - 5K	MailChimp	Paypal	Thinkific	How I Started A $30K/Month Dating And Relationship Coaching Business
Jure Sotosek	WrumerSound	wrumersound.com	Car accessory e-commerce	E-commerce	Product	The device retails at €34,90	$420,000	Full time	$1,000 - $5,000	While purchasing a used car, Jure had access to the car's live RPM data through an OBD2 diagnostic device. This gave him the idea to develop an application that could utilize this data to create realistic engine sounds, which led to the birth of WrumerSound.	primary marketing focus has been on short-form content, particularly on TikTok, Instagram, and Facebook. 	0	Slovenia	2022	juresotosek	0 - 5K	Slack	Intercom	TikTok	I Built A Car Accessory As A Side Hustle And Generate $35K/Month
Christina Nicholson	Media Maven	mediamavenandmore.com	Public relations and communications services	Marketing	Services	Media pitching and content creation, starting at $3,500 per month.	$402,000	Full time	< $500	Christina never wanted to be a business owner. She just wanted to have a flexible schedule because she had two young children, and no one would let her work remotely in 2015. So, she felt like there was no other choice but to start her own business.	LinkedIn and Upwork for initial client acquisition, with a focus on promoting services to business owners on LinkedIn and responding to job postings on Upwork. 	1	USA	2015	@christinaallday	10K - 50K	Agorapulse	ConvertKit	Wave	Averaging $400K/Year Through A PR Agency, Online Courses, And Podcasts 
Erika Kullberg	Plug and Law	plugandlaw.com	Erika is a lawyer and content creator. She generates revenue from her Youtube videos, online courses for creators, and legal productized services	Education	Online courses	That course is called “Mastering YouTube for the Busy Professional” that is priced at $497 and her productized service that sells ready to use legal documents templates, sold for $97	$366,000	Full time	N/A	"Besides the horrible work schedule, she didn’t like helping the “big corporations” make money as a lawyer and wanted to be able to make a difference.

After leaving her day job, she started Plug And Law, a legal tech company helping to fill a huge gap in the market and making legal knowledge more accessible."	Erika has built a huge audience by consistently creating video content that goes viral. She balances evergreen videos with trendy topics. She got 5M TikTok followers in just one month. 	1 (Part-time)	USA	2019	@erikakullberg 	1M+	WordPress	YouTube	TikTok	How Erika Kullberg Built an Audience of 15 Million in 3.5 Years
Sam Dogen	Financial Samurai	financialsamurai.com	Financial advice blog	Media	Niche blog	Financial literacy books selling for $87-$97 a copy	$360,000	Full time	< $1,000	Sam started a personal finance website during the 2009 economic crisis. An advertiser offered him $1,000 to advertise on his blog, which he saw as an opportunity to focus on his financial advisory blog.	The more content he wrote, the more his site grew	0	SanFrancisco	2009	@financialsamura	10K - 50K	WordPress	Google analytics	Google Workspace	I Left My 13 Year Career To Start A $120K/Year Financial Advice Blog
Oluremi Martins	Natural Girl Wigs	naturalgirlwigs.com	Hair products brand	E-commerce	Product	offers different price ranges based on quality	$360,000	Full time	< $500	The founder's admiration for natural textured wigs led to the idea of posting content about textured hair on her Instagram page. She received inquiries about the availability of the products, which validated her business idea before entering the market.	Key strategies included virality and word of mouth, along with social media and email marketing for customer acquisition and retention.	0	Nigeria	—	Natural Hair Wigs	100K - 500K	Klaviyo	Zapier	Slack	I Turned This Instagram Page Into A 7-Figure Business
Ryan Schortmann	Display Pros	displaypros.net	Display booth company	E-commerce	Product	Different pricing based on product type keeping  the margins at 50-60%	$360,000	Full time	$1,000 - $5,000	"Founder's friend approached him for help in designing a booth display. The final product stood out and caught the attention of other exhibitors, which made the founder realize its potential.
"	Focusing on off-page organic strategies like link building, partnerships and guest posting increased web traffic significantly. PPC Ads and competitive pricing brought some traction.	0 (part time help with design, and marketing)	USA	2018	@GetDisplayPros	0 - 5K	WooCommerce	Klaviyo	Zapier	How I Started A $30K/Month Business Selling Custom Trade Show Booths 
Aaron Beashel	Attributer	attributer.io	Marketing attribution tool	Software	SaaS	Paid plans depending on number of users, with pricing range of $49—$399 per month and custom plans for enterprise users.	$360,000	Full time	$1,000 - $5,000	The founder, who worked in B2B marketing, couldn’t find a tool that showed which channels were converting leads, sales opportunities, and customers. So he built the tool himself, and recognizing its potential, he turned into full-time entrepreneurship.	The founder's primary go-to-market strategy has been focused on SEO through in-depth keyword research, high-quality blog posts, guest posting, and backlinking.	0	Australia	2021	@aaronbeashel	0 - 5K	Bubble	stripe	AWS	How My Marketing Tool Reached $50K In Revenue Within 5 Months of Launching
Jorden Makelle	Writing Revolt	writingrevolt.com	Online writing lessons for freelancers	Education	Online courses	Courses start at $497	$300,000	Full time	< $500	Getting fired was what had finally propelled her into starting her own freelance writing business, and she thought that the urgency of having no backup plan was what had really pushed her to succeed.
	Jordan sends a weekly newsletter, reads and replies to most responses, and also sends course launch emails to her list. 	0	Dallas, TX, USA	2015	jordenmakelle	0 - 5K	Teechable	Canva	Convertkit	I Got Fired. It Fueled Me To Build My Own $300K/Year Business 
Ashley Drummonds	ABS Protein Pancakes	abspancakes.com	Protein pancake & waffle mixer	E-commerce	Product	Packages go from $9 to $39.	$300,000	Full time	< $1,000	"Following a successful personal training career, Ashley pursued her passion for food. One day while cooking morning breakfast with her protein pancake recipe, she wondered if anyone else would eat this recipe as a way to help them stick to their nutrition. Could she package this recipe and sell it?

So Ashely started telling her personal training clients about it and gave them little ziplock bags of single serving sizes to try. They loved it. They started telling their friends about it, and before she knew it, someone on social media reached out asking to buy it because they had heard about it from a friend. That was when she realized she had a product that could become something big."	"She utilize Facebook ads, Instagram hashtags, cross-promotions, contests, and influencer collaborations as her primary acquisition channels.

With Instagram, she's been most successful doing collaborations with like minded-brands. Her strategy is reaching out to other businesses and brands who have a mission that aligns with ABS, or if they have a product that compliments ABS.

For example, she has contacted a lot of protein bar companies, nut butter companies, and fitness gear businesses and have collaborated with them on giveaways. What they do is agree on a specific amount of days that they will share posts that include both of our brands, having followers repost and tag them in their posts. Then, at the end of the promotion period, we give away a few bags of product. 

This is HUGE because people start reposting like crazy and tag all of their friends because they want free stuff! All it costs you is some time and a couple of bags of mix. This is also a great thing to do in the beginning when your marketing budget is tight and you are looking for inexpensive ways to grow your following or leads."	1	USA	2014	@AshleyDrummonds	10K - 50K	Klaviyo	VHX by Vimeo	Recharge	Launching a Healthy Protein Pancake Business
Steph Gabriel	OceanZen	oceanzenbikini.com	Swimwear brand	E-commerce	Product	Their products start at $45	$300,000	Full time	$1,000 - $5,000	The founder's passion for marine life led her to notice the environmental impact of plastic waste and fishing nets during her travels. Through extensive research, she found a sustainable way to dispose of these materials and established a swimwear company that uses fabric made from the waste.	Print publications, radio shows, and guest speaking engagements drove organic traffic, while Facebook ads and newsletters established the online presence.	0	Australia	2014	OceanZen	50K - 100K	WooCommerce	MailChimp	Canva	Starting A Sustainable Swimwear Label As A Solo Founder
Nils Wessell	Brooklyn Butcher Blocks	brooklynbutcherblocks.com	Butcher blocks	E-commerce	Product	The average price for his butcher blocks is about $180	$300,000	Full time	$10,000 - $20,000	Nils had a solid background in fine woodworking and constantly worked on new projects, including a cutting board-making venture. When his product was featured in the New York Times, he felt confident in his idea and decided to launch the business.	Word of mouth, attending trade shows & press coverage. Attending events early on is a necessity for a product like this, according to Nils. The average price of his blocks is about $180, so it's important to educate people about what’s different: handcrafted, generous policies, practical advantages. Lastly, there’s an element of trust because they're meeting the person who runs the business and who has a prominent role in production. Once he did that enough, press eventually followed.	0	NY, USA	2010	bkbutcherblocks	0 - 5K	Shopify	canva	Google Suite	How I Started A $300K/Year Business Making Cutting Boards
Mike Slaats	Upvoty	upvoty.com	User feedback tool	Software	SaaS	Priced in the range of $15—$75 Per month	$300,000	Full time	N/A	Mike needed a way to collect and manage user feedback for his company. He Couldn’t find any good - and affordable - tools out there, so he decided to build Upvoty.	Proper customer research enabled the founder to target SaaS businesses because they are more interested in customer reviews. In addition, the founder focused on optimizing the product based on user feedback.	0	Netherlands	2019	upvoty	0 - 5K	WordPress	Asana	Drift	Why I'm Building A Side Project On Top Of My Already Successful Business
Lorena Estelle	Velvety	velvety.com.au	Ethical fashion marketplace	E-commerce	Marketplace	Products start from $30	$288,000	Full time	$6,000 - $10,000	Lorena saw a gap in the industry and she wanted to introduce the concept of ethical fashion to the largest amount of Australian people as possible.	social media,klaviyo rewards to reward customers, SMS and Newsletter	0	Australia	2016	velvetyethical	10K - 50K	Aupost	Klaviyo	SmartSEO	How I Started A $24K/Month Ethical Fashion Marketplace
David Bressler 	Excelformulabot	formulabot.com	AI-powered Excel bot	Software	SaaS	Pro plan starts at $6.99/mo	$276,000	Side hustle	< $500	"David noticed a demand for AI-based Excel formula generator while working as a data analytics expert. He decided to develop a tool to fill this gap in the market.
"	Influencer marketing. David uses TikTok’s Creator Marketplace to identify potential influencers.	0	FL, USA	2022	@excelformulabot	0 - 5K	SendInBlue	Ahrefs	Canva	How I Turned a Side Project into a $14K MRR AI-Based Excel SaaS
Hari Krishna Dulipudi	Visa List	visalist.io	Visa and travel information	Media	Niche blog	Pro-subscription starting at $99.99 	$264,000	Full time	< $500	Hari realized that the visa application process lacked a one-stop online resource for travelers. He decided to aggregate all relevant information and present it in a simplified format.
	Most of his traffic comes through SEO, the rest comes from referrals, other social media and news channels.	0	Australia	2016	VisaListHQ	0 - 5K	NuxtJS	Firebase	Adsense	How I Launched A $5K/Month Website About Tourist Visas And Got 150K Users In The First Month 
Michael Cassini 	Tcc media	cannabiscactus.com	Cannabis magazine	Media	Niche blog	Ads revenue	$264,000	Full time	$20,000 +	"Michael, a medical marijuana enthusiast, visited Arizona and noticed a gap in the market for reliable media featuring cannabis products. He decided to create a niche blog to fill this gap.
"	They've grown their Instagram account to 14k followers and also built and app that received 2k downloads in the first month. Each push notification sent from the app gets opened an average of 500 times in the first hour. Their social media accounts like Instagram get flagged often for cannabis content. Due to this, they use their own app to function as a home for our giveaways, coupons, news, and monthly magazine/blog content.	0	Arizona	2018	cannabiscactus	10K - 50K	Shopify	MailChimp	Dropbox	How I Left A Career As Professional Poker Player To Start A $22K/Month Cannabis Publication
Miriam Zelinsky	Lazy Jack Press	lazyjackpress.com	Preppy clothing brand	E-commerce	Product	Setting up the right pricing was tricky as Miriam realized even with the highest quality material, people might balk at higher prices. However, she believed in her product, and now sells an array of men's clothing accessories on her e-commerce site, from $48 bow-ties to $110 ties, and much more.	$252,000	Full time	N/A	The idea for a prep brand came to Miriam while she was attending her alma matter during Law school, and happened to notice tacky looking ties that were worn by the students. Shocked to see they were made by reputed brands, she did some research and was instantly connected with the idea, even without a background in fashion.	Miriam makes sure she keeps her Instagram active, and keep it engaging by making it more of a lifestyle page instead of just product photoshoots. An amazing marketing way she had adopted was to participate on season two of the CNBC show Billion Dollar Buyer. She got many repeat customers and a social media following out of it.	0	USA	2012	lazyjackpress	0 - 5K	Shopify	Hey Carson	Instagram	I Started A Preppy Clothing Brand That Makes $21K/Monthh
Modest Mitkus	Notionway	notionway.com	Notion templates and courses	Education	Online courses	Notionway sells two plans for notion templates: $77 as a personal plan, and $198 as a business plan.  Additionally, his course is priced at $95 for a basic plan and $135 for an upgraded plan.	$250,000	Full time	N/A	Modest has been an entrepreneur since a young age, starting with two e-commerce shops that he owned. From there on, he owned a marketing agency and then further down his career, he established a ui ux design studio. It was only until then, learning the ins and outs of working online did he recognize the value of digital products, and now strives to build his own digital product empire.	After devoting his time to making notion templates, he would promote them by publishing on all possible marketplaces including Facebook groups and Reddit. Currently, Modest posts actively on 4 platforms about building businesses and a dream lifestyle - Instagram, YouTube, TikTok, and Twitter.	0	Thailand	2021	modestmitkus	10K - 50K	Webflow	Figma	Gumroad	Modest Mitkus (@ModestMitkus)
Miriam Zelinsky	Lazyjack Press	lazyjackpress.com	Fashion and clothing brand	E-commerce	Product	Starts at $25 per product	$250,000	Full time	N/A	"The founder noticed a low-quality tie from a once-popular brand and felt inspired to create a superior product. Driven by his passion for ties since childhood, he decided to venture into the fashion and clothing business.
"	Every day, the founder posts on social media, using it as a platform to showcase the lifestyle and personal side of the brand.	0	NY, USA	2012	lazyjackpress	0 - 5K	Shopify	Paypal	Instagram	I Started A Preppy Clothing Brand That Makes $21K/Month
Michael Morris	Pursuit of Passive Income	pursuitofpassiveincome.com	Money-making opportunities blog	Media	Niche blog	Makes money from sponsored posts, consulting, and, affiliate marketing	$240,000	Full time	< $1,000	Michael was looking for a passive income generating approach when he stumbled upon blogging and decided to venture. 	Creating articles based on my keyword research	0	VA, USA	2021	ppientrepreneur	0 - 5K	SurferSEO	Jasper	Ahrefs	How A Real Estate Agent Started A $20K/Month Blog
Debbie Gartner	The Flooring Girl	theflooringgirl.com	Home décor blog	Media	Niche blog	Ads income and affiliate programs	$240,000	Full time	< $500	Debbie started her blog as a marketing tool for her flooring store. 	Search Engine Optimization (SEO) has been the key to her success. through SEO efforts, Debbie gets400,000 pageviews/month and it’s what leads to the majority of her profits.	0	New York, USA	2011			Teechable	Tailwind	ActiveCampaign	How I Started A $20K/Month Blog About Flooring And Painting
Carrie Forrest	Clean Eating Kitchen	cleaneatingkitchen.com	Food and wellness blog	Media	Niche blog	ads, sponsored posts, and affiliate income	$240,000	Full time	$1,000 - $5,000	Carrie developed the business idea while experimenting with a vegan diet and seeking connection in an online community.	Using SEO to rank high for keywords and leveraging her educational background and expertise to set me apart from other food bloggers.	0	CA, USA	2009	cleaneatingcarrie	10K - 50K	RankIQ	Ahrefs	Mailchimp	My Blog Makes $20K/Month Sharing Recipes For Women Recovering From Chronic Health Issues
Steve Christensen	NOVO watch	novowatch.com	Handmade watches using reclaimed material	E-commerce	Product	Steve sells the watches on his Shopify store, and they are priced starting from $1892.00	$240,000	Full time	$1,000 - $5,000	As a watch fanatic from childhood himself, Steve had took a leap to enter into the watch world as an entrepreneur. He kept repurposing materials to make watches and eventually started his own store.	Steve found the best way to attract and retain customers to his brand was through story. He makes incredibly classy videos and uploads it on YouTube. He also tweets daily, shares blogs and pictures on Instagram and Facebook, and also follows a weekly Email blast.	0	Alberta, Canada	2011	steveplusc	0 - 5K	Shopify	Apple Notes	Apple Reminders	Steve Christensen Is Building Watches From Old Train Tracks - Starter
Brittany Taylor	Black Luxe Candle Co.	blackluxecandles.com	Luxury candles manufacturer	E-commerce	Product	cost of $9 for 1 candle or 3 candles for $20	$240,000	Full time	$1,000 - $5,000	Brittany was enthusiastic about gifting within her family, so instead of buying physical presents, she started making candles. After posting a picture of one of her creations online, she received inquiries from people curious about how they could purchase one of her candles. After giving it some thought, she decided to turn her hobby into a business.	"Brittany's commitment to customer service and unique product presentation, including attending trade shows and allowing customers to smell her candles, has helped her attract a loyal following on social media and convert customers.
"	0	Chicago	2019	blackluxecandles	10K - 50K	Klaviyo	Pirate Ship	Stamped.io	How My Luxury Candles Business Reached $12K/Month In Sales
Rilee Acrey	BalloonWorks	myballoonworks.com	Balloon stylist 	E-commerce	Services	Courses starting at $29	$240,000	Full time	< $500	Rilee was tasked with using balloons to bring some excitement to a friend's gender reveal party. The exposure she received from this opportunity led to her being featured on social media by Kim Kardashian, boosting her confidence and validating her vision.
	To get the business started Rilee called every event planner she could find and explained BalloonWorks to anyone who would listen. Her work is arguably more visual than any other industry, which makes Instagram their biggest marketing channel and the channel where they get 90%of their customers. They grew organically for the first five months through word of mouth and well-placed giveaways alongside partnerships with companies like Pacific Organic Pops and the Picnic Collective.	0	CA, USA	2019	ballonworks	50K - 100K		Square	UNUM	How I Started A $7.5K/Month Business Selling Custom Balloon Installations To Celebrities and Corporates 
Nick Disabato	Draft	draft.nu	Design consultancy business	Marketing	Online courses	"Nick has set up a membership access for premium members, priced at $30/month or $300/year. For users interested in buying isolated books and/or courses, they can do so on Draft's site, with prices ranging from $8 + shipping, to $50 + shipping charges.

Another revenue source for Nick is 1:1 20 minute screencast and follow up call to improve design and userflow of a client's collaterals."	$216,000	Full time	N/A	Passionate about UX design since the very start, Nick wasn't able to get a job in this industry. He began with writing a book about to how to get started in UI UX and became one of the earliest hit projects of Kickstarter back in 2008, raising over $10k. 5 years later, taking a month off from his UX job, Nick decided to continue with working independently like he did with his book, and formulated Draft, a company that he runs entirely on his own terms even after a decade.	After the early success in Kickstarter, Nick used Twitter (a lot!) to gin up interest in the design enthusiasts that has now over 2900 private followers. He also runs a private community and uses mailing list to communicate with everyone.	0	USA	2012	nickd	0 - 5K	Stripe	Shopify	Gusto	How I Run A $18K/Month Interaction Design Consultancy
Brett Burdick	Brex International, LLC	featherboards.com	Woodworking accessory	E-commerce	Product	Products start from $40	$216,000	Full time	$20,000 +	Brett's passion for woodwork inspired him to design an easy-to-use and effective alternative to the cumbersome traditional featherboard.	Instagram has been a great resource since the woodworking and DIY community is active and supportive. Brett's customers often post photos and videos of his product in action in their shops which he repost and engage with. The most impactful thing he did to promote the Hedgehog was to give several away to influencers. While big, mainstream influencers charge significant amounts to show products, he just sends a product to folks, and asked them to use it if they like it - no strings attached. Many of them showed it off and now they show up occasionally in unrelated posts. 	0	Knoxville, TN	2016	featherboards	5K - 10K	WooCommerce	Quickbooks	Mailchimp	How I Designed And Patented A $18K/Month Woodworking Accessory
Manuel Frigerio	ReferralHero	referralhero.com	Online referral program	Software	SaaS	The platform offers three pricing plans: $69/month, $169/month, and $299/month	$216,000	Full time	N/A	Manuel was working at an analytics company when he came across another startup breaking headlines with their referral program. He developed a quick MVP and ran it as a side-hustle for 12-18 months.	Content Marketing and SEO are the top ways of attracting customers for Manuel, and articles written on Day 1 still rank 4 years later.	0	England, UK	2018	referralheroHQ	0 - 5K	Zapier	Todoist	Calendly	How I Created A $18K/Month Referral Marketing Software - Starter Story
John Wilker	The Simple Biz	thesimplestbizforu.com	Pallet recycling business	Education	Services	John charges $8 per pallet and transports around 150 pallets per day. He makes $1,200 for less than an hour's work. He also sells a 14-module training course for people that want to start this business.	$216,000	Full time	< $500	In 1998, Johns former business partner suggested the idea to pick up pallets and sell them. They found a place getting rid of pallets 8 blocks away and were given 2000 pallets for free. At the time, the Pallet yard would give you about $2 per pallet. He then realized he could maximize the profit by finding actual buyers rather than selling to a Pallet Yard.	In the beginning, John would reach out to about 40 businesses per day for a week, which resulted in getting 12 suppliers and 6 buyers on board. He still relies on old school methods to build & maintain relationships and the majority of buyers are still on board with them today	0	USA	1998	JohnSimplest	0 - 5K	Aweber	Gusto	Stripe	Uber' For Wooden Pallets: How I Make $216K/Year With Zero Employees
Christian Tuskes	Dilly Dally Games	dillydallygames.com	Online arcade gaming company	Media	Product	Christian had first started with a paid app, and eventually shifted to a freemium model. After only a mediocre success of it, the site is now an ad-supported free version of the game with some additional features offered as IAPs (in-app purchases).	$198,000	Full time	< $500	The game development started as a project for Christian's masters degree in computer science, and was going to sell software licenses on eBay and ship the game via CD.	Christian's top acquisition channels are Direct and Organic Search. He had earlier invested heavily into facebook ads, but since that wasn't sustainable, he decided to embrace SEO with an emphasis on content marketing/writing. 	0 (He outsources SEO writing to a freelancer)	San Diego, CA, USA	2007	mexicantraindominoes	0 - 5K	Trello	ConvertKit	Ahrefs	How I Started An Online Gaming Company And A Free Arcade Game That Generates $16K/Month
Scott Daigger	Buddy Web Design & Development	buddywdd.com	Website design and development	E-commerce	Agency	Priced in the $5-10k range	$180,000	Full time	N/A	Scott was interested in a career change, prompting him to learn coding to open up more career opportunities in the software development industry. After training, he put together a freelancer profile on Upwork and secured some projects. Fortunately, freelancing panned out and led to the evolution and growth of Buddy Web Design & Development.	The founder has focused a lot on SEO to bring in inbound leads. He is also keen on building relationships and getting his name and portfolio out there through various social media platforms so that when a potential client needs a website he is top of mind for them.	0	MI, USA				WordPress	Asana	Slack	I Left My Full-Time Job To Build A Six-Figure Digital Marketing Business
Claire Osborne	The Mindset Society	instagram.com/mindset_claire	Coaching business 	Coaching	Consulting	Session based pricing model	$180,000	Full time	$1,000 - $5,000	During the UK COVID-19 lockdown, Claire noticed that many employers struggled to support their workers' mental health. This inspired her to create a personalized mental health coaching service to help individuals with personal and professional challenges.	Leveraging her existing network connections and word-of-mouth referrals. She focuses on providing excellent service to her initial clients rather than spending time and money on advertising or other tactics.	0	UK	2010	mindset_claire	0 - 5K				How I Started A $15K/Month Coaching Business Helping Startups Scale-Up
Maarten	Studio Wombat	tudiowombat.com	Plugins marketplace	E-commerce	Marketplace	Each plugin costs about &49 per year	$180,000	Full time	N/A	Maarten had started building plugins, mainly to learn more about how WooCommerce worked, and to his surprise, people were interested. That's when he had decided to sell them on Studio Wombat.	Uploading plugins to the WordPress plugin repository and ensuring each plugin is accompanied by a readme file, which is partly what the WordPress search algorithm looks at to rank your plugin in the search results. By adding keywords to the readme, the founder is able to rank and attract more customers.	0	Belgium	2017	@studio_wombat	0 - 5K	Slack	LevelUp;	Paddle	I Make $15K/Month Developing WordPress Plugins While Traveling The World
Leslie Eisen	Almond Clear	almondclear.com	Skin care products business	E-commerce	Marketplace	Products start at $30	$180,000	Full time	< $500	Leslie had been suffering from red bumps on her body for 20 years. She visited several dermatologists but the problem persisted. One day, she decided to visit an aesthetician who recommended mandelic acid. Within three weeks of using it, her problem was gone, bringing her immense relief. This experience motivated her to start her own business so that she could share her discovery with others.	Amazon makes it very easy to attract new customers using Sponsored Product Ads. Once products get positive reviews, they start to market themselves.	0	Oregon, USA	2017	almondclearskin	5K - 10K	MailChimp	Amazon	Kylavio	Starting A Skin Care Product Business as a Middle School Teacher 
Harry Dry	Marketing Examples	marketingexamples.com	A gallery of real world marketing examples from successful companies	Media	Niche blog	Harry's newsletter is sent 2x per month and offers sponsorship packages for $7,500	$180,000	Full time	N/A	To decide what to work on, Harry took a pretty rational approach and put into the equation his current situation, goals, skills, etc. The result is that he loved marketing, had the right amount of spare time to write about it a bit, and most of the content he was reading on the topic was subpar.	In addition to creating exceptional content, Harry has built a content distribution machine. For each newsletter he'll post one of the best tips from the article on Twitter, LinkedIn, 15-20 Facebook groups, 5-10 Slack groups, Instagram, and Indie Hackers.	0	UK	2019	@goodmarketinghq	100K - 500K	Sendgrid	Twitter		How Harry Dry Grew to 130k Subscribers With Smart Content Distribution
Eman Bachani	Meraki Design House	merakidesignhouse.com	Handcrafted footwear e-commerce	E-commerce	Product	Products start at $45	$180,000	Full time	$1,000 - $5,000	Eman noticed that her intricately handmade shoes often sparked curiosity and questions about their Indian-inspired look. The appreciation for the handmade shoe’s uniqueness and their ability to take on the wearer’s footprint, and her instinct that many others would also value these qualities , led her to start Meraki.	Influencer marketing: Sending the products to influencers who fit into different demographic segments allowed her to acquire customers.	0	Canada	2018	merakidesignhouse	10K - 50K	Shopify	Kylavyo	Instagram	How I Started A $15K/Month Asian Inspired Handcrafted Footwear Ecommerce
Rebecca Ringquist	Dropcloth Samplers	dropclothsamplers.com	Hand-drawn embroidery samplers	E-commerce	Product	The embroidery samplers price starts at $14	$180,000	Full time	N/A	Rebecca taught embroidery and introductory textiles classes in Chicago when she started making samplers. Fabric shops started reaching out to inquire about purchasing the designs to sell and she realized the business potential. 	Posting products on Instagram has helped her business grow significantly. She also posts pictures of items related to her embroidery business including sketchbooks, sewing projects that she is working on, etc. 	0	OR, US	2011	dropcloth	10K - 50K	Etsy	Instagram	PayPal	How I Started A $15K/Month Hand-Drawn Embroidery Samplers Business
Erin Hornyak	navyBLEU	shopnavybleu.com	Online boutique	E-commerce	Product	Their products start at $40	$180,000	Full time	$10,000 - $20,000	Erin found inspiration on her Instagram and started an online store that sells navy-colored items. Her spouse supported her idea.	Erin collaborates with navy blue-loving influencers to promote her navyBLEU products. She also uses a PR firm to pitch her story to the media and is setting up Insta's Shopping feature.	0	Massachusetts, USA	2019	shopnavybleu	10K - 50K			Shopify	How I Started A $15K/Month Online Clothing Store That Sells All Things Navy
Jasper Cyan	Plasfy	plasfy.com	Graphic design software	Software	SaaS	The product pricing includes a Free Trial option with $0 cost, a Starter plan available at $9 per month, and a Professional plan offered at $12 per month.	$180,000	Full time	< $500	The idea for Plasfy, a revolutionary graphic design software, emerged from recognizing the unmet needs and frustrations of graphic designers in the market.	"Jasper works on a combination of different actions to grow the business:

- Partnerships with leading marketplaces and websites, operating on a revenue share model. They were able to forge alliances with marketplaces and websites that catered to their target audience, ensuring that their product was promoted to the right people. This targeted exposure significantly improved conversion rates.

- Giveaway Promotions in partnership with SAAS-themed Facebook groups and ran exciting giveaway promotions. It was an interesting experience to collaborate with these communities and offer a limited number of Plasfy Professional accounts for free, with the condition that users would give our platform a try. This worked way better than expected.

- Referral Program to encourage existing customers to refer their friends and colleagues. Offering 40% commissions for successful referrals, with the goal of harnessing the power of word-of-mouth marketing. However, this particular approach didn't yield the results he had anticipated. It became evident that users, despite their satisfaction with the platform, lacked the marketing expertise to effectively sell and promote it. So he proceeded to transform the referral program into an affiliate program. This decision turned out to be a game-changer, as the affiliate program began performing exceptionally well.

- Free Trial. At first, they offered a limited seven-day free trial, driven by concerns about the potential costs associated with acquiring customers who were solely seeking freebies. But it wasn't working. To adapt, Jasper made a bold decision to switch to a lifetime free account option, completely removing the requirement for credit card information. This strategic shift proved to be a game-changer, resulting in a remarkable 500% increase in sign-up conversions."	0	Australia	2022	@plasfy	0 - 5K	WooCommerce	Freshdesk	Cloudways	Frustrated With The Existing Design Tools, I Built A $180K/Year Design Software
Elise Phillips	Coco & Bubbles Candle Company	etsy.com/shop/CocoandBubbles	Soy wax candles manufacturer	E-commerce	Product	Starts at $25 per product	$168,000	Full time	$1,000 - $5,000	Elise quit her job to start a scented candle business. She found a suitable business name, Coco & Bubbles, and bought the abandoned business for $3000. One day after relaunching, she received over $2000 worth of wholesale orders, giving her a huge confidence boost. 	Most of her sales are through email marketing and off-site through other marketplaces such as Faire.com, Wayfair, and Amazon.	0	GA, USA	2019	cocoandbubblescandles	0 - 5K	MOZ	Shopify	Kylavio	How I Bought A Business For $3K And Grew It To $14K/Month Selling All Natural Soy Candles
Alexander Isora	Unicorn Platform	unicornplatform.com	Landing page builder	Software	SaaS	The builder has a recurring subscription pricing at $8/month and $18/month. There'e also a free plan for users to try out the software.	$168,000	Full time	< $500	As a startup folk with an experience in building various tech projects, plus being an ex-cofounder of a web development company, Alexander saw how users struggle with making good landing pages, and he applied his skills and experience to build an easy builder!	Alexander has launched his MVP on Product Hunt, and has been only working on exceptional customer support ever since. He simple doesn't have the time to carry out marketing activites.	2	Georgia	2018	unicornplatform	0 - 5K	Product Hunt	Notion	Twitter	How I Launched A $2.5 K/Month Landing Page Builder
David Bressler	Excelformulabot	formulabot.com	AI-based text to excel formula software	Software	SaaS	David has set three plans: A free forever basic plan, an $84/year premium plan, and a $75/year business plan at an additional discount.	$168,000	Full time	< $500	Dabbling in AI while on paternity leave, David began asking OpenAI excel formula questions. His job being in data and analytics, Excel was a widely used tool by him. As he made the questions harder, the accuracy of AI kept going down, and seeing no solutions to make that right on the internet, he knew he had something special to work on.	"David used TikTok's creator marketplace to identify the right influencers to promote the site. So much of the early traction came from TikTok influencers talking about the site as a “website that feels illegal to know”.

SEO has been another focal point for the site, attracting thousands of searches from keywords like “Excel AI generator” and “excel formula creator”. David has also been building out content pages around people searching for specific formulas like “VLOOKUP” and “SUMIFS”."	0	USA	2022	bresslertweets	0 - 5K	Bubble	Stripe	SendInBlue	How I Turned a Side Project into a $14K MRR AI-Based Excel SaaS
Sireesha Narumanchi	Crowd Work News	crowdworknews.com	Online remote work blog	Media	Niche blog	Sireesha makes money from her blog through affiliate marketing and display advertising, with her current site traffic at 250k page views a month.	$156,000	Full time	< $500	Starting a remote work blog was both a pain point for Sireesha (while she was searching for remote jobs) and a way to earn a passive income.	Email marketing has been a powerful way of attracting readers to her site, and SEO comes the next, with a focus on the right keyword research and on on-page and off-page SEO.	0	Australia	2016	sireeshan	10K - 50K	N/A	N/A	N/A	How I Built A $13K/Month Blog Helping Remote Job Seekers - Starter
Ruth Daro	Seniman Calligraphy	senimancalligraphy.com	Custom stationery design studio	E-commerce	Product	Designs starting at $18 	$156,000	Full time	< $500	Ruth had a passion for creating things with her hands, especially during the holidays when she loved to give gifts. She picked up modern calligraphy as a hobby and soon discovered that making bespoke custom wedding invitations allowed her to combine all the things she loved. After three months of regular practice, she decided that her skills were good enough to do calligraphy work for others, so she started the business.	The founder spent the first year of her business building her portfolio. This involved offering free card designs to have content for her Instagram and website. She would reach out to other calligraphers and wedding professionals on Instagram, and these initial conversations eventually led to business relationships. Soon after, she began receiving inquiries for styled photoshoots. 	0	California, USA	2015	seniman_calligraphy	10K - 50K	Instagram	Etsy	SquareSpace	How I Started My Own $13K/Month Custom Stationery Design Studio
Steven Snell	Vandelay Design	vandelaydesign.com	Web design blog website	Media	Niche blog	Steven sells design inspirations, fonts, and color palletes for free on the site through memberships. He also earned revenue through BuySellAds as banner ad advertising, and today, affiliates are the top revenue generating source for him.	$150,000	Full time	< $500	Steven started Vandelay Design because he enjoyed creating websites and was looking for a way to make some extra money in his spare time from his full-time finance job. He was really intrigued by the possibilities of being able to create websites and set them up for affiliate marketing.	Steven has written over a 1000 blogs (!) on the site, all of which he regurarly updates as the design landscape keeps changing. His focus remains on revamping old blogs, and keep writing new content while identifying the best performing posts. Blogs like "collection of WordPress themes for photographers" has been the top hits for Vandelay Design's traffic, increasing Steven's affiliate earnings as a by-product of it.	0 (with a few writing contributors)	USA	2007	vandelaydesign	10K - 50K	WordPress	Google Drive	Asana	On Starting A Web Design Blog With Over 50M Users
Valentin Decker	Sauce Writing	saucewriting.com	Online writing school to accelerate your career	Education	Online courses	Valentin offers a 8-week accelerator program which costs $1,400, plus a writing weekend getaway for $450. Sauce Writing helps 100+ students every year.	$150,000	Full time	N/A	He realized the potential of writing when he landed his first job in Marketing. His mission was to learn everything he could about copywriting. In parallel, he created a personal blog and built a decent following. People loved his writing, so he decided to launch a writing school.	Growing email list, SEO, Linkedin. Initially, he would publish a new article every week and ask people to sign up for the newsletter at the bottom of every piece of content. Today, his two main acquisition channels are SEO and Linkedin.	0 (has one freelancer helping with SEO)	France	2020	Valentin_Decker	0 - 5K	Webflow	Notion	MailerLite	How I Started A Writing School That Generates $10K/Month With Minimal Marketing Spend
Ania Wysocka	Rootd	rootd.io	App for managing panic attacks	Software	SaaS	Rootd has a monthly plan ($5.99/mo), an annual plan ($59.99/mo), and a lifetime plan ($149/month)	$150,000	Full time	$1,000 - $5,000	Ania came up with the idea based on personal experience. She experienced many panic attacks and anxiety throughout her life and wanted to find an app that could help her process what was happening but couldn't find anything. So she decided to create it herself.	A powerful growth driver has been working on the app store optimization. Ania optimizes keywords, screenshots, description, ratings, reviews & downloads on the app store. In addition, she's seen a big impact creating stories every month around topics/holidays in the space (ie. World Mental Health Day, International Women's Day).	0	Canada	2017	@aniamargaret	0 - 5K	Creative Cloud	Figma	Trello	I Built An App That Helps People Manage Panic Attacks [2M+ Users]
Catherine Weis	Bestowe Gifting	bestowegifting.com	Gifting service	E-commerce	Marketplace	Gifts starting from under $60	$144,000	Full time	$10,000 - $20,000	While attending an event, Catherine started to realize the importance of having a side hustle, and that realization fueled her passion. She reached to family and friends for mental and emotional support towards starting her business. 	She invested in a skilled Instagram engagement and content creation specialist, and also hired talented photographers to meet the high demands for quality photography in her product line.	0	CA, USA	2017	bestowegifting	5K - 10K	ClickUp	Upwork	Shopify	Learnings From Starting A Curated Gift Boxes Ecommerce Side Hustle And Growing It To $12K/Month
Jade Weatherington	Teacher Jade	teacherjade.com	Online tutoring	Education	Online courses	Lessons starting at $50	$144,000	Full time	< $500	Jade was working on her masters and she started a side hustle as a teacher to earn extra income. Soon, what started as a side job became her career path and led her to starting her online courses business. 	Word of mouth and positive reviews from happy past customers are Jade's main growth channel. 	0	GA, USA
	2020	teacher_jade	0 - 5K	Canva	GoogleSlides	Teechable	How I Went From Part-Time Tutor To Making $120K/Year Selling Online Courses 
Angus Cheng	Bankstatementconverter	bankstatementconverter.com	Online PDF to CSV converter (for bank statements)	Software	SaaS	Angus has set the pricing of the SaaS as Starter, Professional, and Business plans, at $5/mo, $10/mo, and $20/mo respectively.	$144,000	Full time	N/A	Angus was doing his taxes and going through a pile of bank statement PDFs, with no visible way of viewing them in a clean CSV format. Angus tried building a code to see how hard could it be to convert the contents of a PDF into a CSV file. As he realized it extremely tough, he thought he was onto building something worthwhile.	"When Angus launched the software, he got 0 users. Upset, he went to take a hike, where he got an email from a user for a bug in his software. Angus later fixed the bug, and that's how he got his first user. (without doing anything!)

Over the next few months, upto today, the growth of Bank converter software has been primarily organic, coming in just with patience. (No marketing). Angus made 503 Git commits in the first 7 months after launch, which is the only effort he put into the product after building it."	0	Hong Kong	2021	ballerindustry	0 - 5K				
Rodolphe Dutel	Remotive	remotive.com	Remote jobs board	Media	Directory	Remotive is free for job seekers, companies pay $398 to publish a job on the website (250K monthly visits) and newsletter (100K subscribers)	$132,000	Full time	< $500	Rodolphe fell in love with the remote work culture while working at Buffer. He started blogging about it, then started a newsletter that naturally evolved into a job board.	Besides doing several Product Hunt launches over the years or other sporadic media fearures such as Indie Hackers, the main growth lever for the project has been consistent content publishing. A great example is a spreadsheet where people annonymously shared their salaries that went viral.	0	France	2014	@rdutel	10K - 50K	Medium	Mailchimp	Buffer	How side-project Remotive.io grew to $11,000/mo, patiently. - Growth Lessons
Laura Elizabeth	Client Portal	client-portal.io	Project management tool for WordPress.	Software	SaaS	Laura has set up a one-website plan for $249 and a multi-website plan for $449 	$132,000	Full time	$1,000 - $5,000	As a freelancer, Laura wanted somewhere she could point her clients to that would keep all their project assets in one place, so she built this tool for herself initially.	Laura appears on podcasts where she gives out a lot of value, and redirects listeners to her free email course, who later become her customers.	0	England, UK	2016	laurium	0 - 5K	HelpScout	RightMessage	WordPress	How I Built A $7K/Month WordPress Plugin Because I Needed The Product
Steve Kidd	Thriving Best Sellers, LLC	thrivingbestsellers.com	Programs to help people write, publish, and market their books	Coaching	Consulting	The beta price of Steve's program is $15,000, which was $997 for the first 20 people to take up this course.	$120,000	Full time	< $500	Steve, while he running an Internet digital marketing company back in 1987, had helped his then-wife and his daughter publish a book while they both blogged about their travel stories. It was at this point he realized how powerful becoming a best-seller can be. Encouaged by a coach, Steve had then put together his first program.	Until 2019, Facebook and LinkedIn groups worked best for Steve. As the algorithms changed, Steve now works with podcasters and live speakers, as complementary partnerships. Steve is also is the process of developing a community based app to market the business more effectively.	0	WY, USA	1987	askstevekidd	0 - 5K	Zoom	Word 	Adobe Audition	How I Built A $120K/Year Business That Helps Authors Publish And Market Their Books
Zack Arnold	Optimize Yourself	optimizeyourself.me	Online personal development coaching	Coaching	Consulting	Weekly programs starting at $297	$120,000	Side hustle	< $500	Zack's coaching business was born out of his personal desire for self-improvement. He spent years experimenting with various strategies to improve his well-being, and his successful transformation caught the attention of others. Inquiries about his methods led him to establish a coaching business. 	Zack's coaching business was born out of his personal desire for self-improvement. He spent years experimenting with various strategies to improve his well-being, and his successful transformation caught the attention of others. Inquiries about his methods led him to establish a coaching business. 	0	CA, USA	2014	@optimizeyourslf	0 - 5K	WordPress	MailChimp	Drip	How I Generated $150K With An Online Coaching Side Project 
Joe Masilotti	RailsDevs	railsdevs.com	A job board for developers	Community	Marketplace	Joe charges $299/month plus a 10% commission from the hire's first year salary	$120,000	Full time	< $500	Joe was an independent contractor, and had some folks willing to work with him around 2021. Swamped with work, he didn't have the bandwidth to interview them, and came up with an idea to note their details down in a spreadsheet. As he shared the sheet with businesses in his network, a couple of people had landed the gig! That was the moment he realized a business is waiting to be built.	"Building in public on Twitter, and engaging his developers on Github has helped Joe gather feedback and customers both. 

As a marketplace, more developers = more paying customers. Joe focuses on that as well."	0 (with a few contractors)	Portland, USA	2021	@joemasilotti 	5K - 10K	       Github 	        Notion	Revue	How A Spreadsheet Became A Business That Generated $146 K/Year In A Year
Pankaj Singh 	UrbanPLR	urbanplr.com	PLR membership sites	Community	Marketplace	Products starts at $9 	$120,000	Full time	< $500	Pankaj had recently been laid off from his job and was exploring options for generating passive income. During his search, he came across PLR Products, a website that enables resale of digital products that are pre-designed. Leveraging his WordPress web design expertise, he established his own business	The founder implements an SEO strategy that ensured his application was ranking for 50+ top PLR keywords on the first page of Google. Hight traffic helps the business generate $2000+ per month.	0	India	2020	pankajsingh.me	0 - 5K	PayPal	AppSumo	ConvertKit	How I Built A $120K/Year Digital Products Business With Just $100
Arjun Patel	Onlinecasinoguide	onlinecasinoguide.in	Online casino affiliate	Media	Niche blog	Affiliate commissions	$120,000	Full time	$1,000 - $5,000	Patel is an experienced SEO professional and a passionate casino player for years. He noticed that online casinos were a new concept in India and there was a lack of information available for players. To bridge this gap, he decided to combine his SEO skills and love for casino games to create a business.	Patel used SEO to drive traffic to his website. As visitors returned, he established a strong foundation, making it easier to attract traffic to his content. 	0	India	2019			ScreamingFrog	Ahrefs	Ubersuggest	From Casino Player To Building A $10K/Month Online Casino Guide Thanks To SEO
Viktor Hanacek	picjumbo	picjumbo.com	Free stock photo site	Media	Niche blog	Premium Membership plan starting at $10 per month	$120,000	Full time	< $500	Viktor wanted to create an online passive income opportunity by selling his photos. However, all the paid sites rejected his images for being low quality. This rejection made him angry but also fueled his desire to start his own business.  
	Quality content and media coverage were crucial strategies to acquire customers. Viktor ensured his photographs were of excellent quality, which grabbed the attention of popular magazines that shared his website. 	0	Czechia	2013	picjumbo	5K - 10K	Sendy	WordPress	Hootsuite	How This Solo Founder Built A $120K/Year Stock Photographs Website
Yosef Adest	52Frames	52frames.com	Online photography community	Community	Product	For over ten years, this personal project was not a revenue source for Yosef, he ran it for free. In 2021, he introduced premium membership to the site with access to his courses, albums, and photography filters, which is split into two tiers: $130/year and $260/year.	$120,000	Full time	< $500	Started as a personal project for Yosef's personal photography improvement, he eventually started a Facebook page for other enthusiasts to join as well, and ran it that way as a passion project for over a decade, with people participating in weekly photography contests. It was only until 2021 when Yosef launched a premium site membership that generated him enough revenue to quit his freelancing career in video production.	"Since the community started free and remained so for over a decade, the facebook page memberships shifted to the website, the traffic of which had been growing organically each week with new contests and submissions.

After introducing the memberships, Yosef started sharing the community site on other platforms (like Starter Story), getting more users onboard. A volunteer team runs his instagram handle that now has over 18k followers.

While the community is strong, Yosef relies on organic word-of-mouth for new traffic. He runs no ads, no campaigns, and no SEO marketing. "	0 (with volunteers managing social media handles)	Israel	2011	52frames	10K - 50K	Wufoo Forms	Autohotkey	Gelato	How I've Been Running An Online Photography Community, Making $10K/Month From Premium Memberships
Ahmad Iqbal	Nadeef Bidet	getnadeef.com	Hand-held bidet company	E-commerce	Product	Ahmad has hand-held bidets, bidet kits, and some add-ons on his ecommerce site that are priced from $8 to $100+.	$120,000	Full time	N/A	Ahmad's father had a job which required him to travel to different countries. Witnessing a variety of cultures is what led Ahmad to start Nadeef Bidet. He'd notice how in middle eastern and some asian countries, having a bidet is quite common. Being habitual of the kind of hygiene it gave, Ahmad decided to address this issue in the USA as well.	With a clear idea of trying and testing all marketing channels in order to be successful, Ahmad published his bidets on Kijiji and eBay, implemented SEO on his website by writing blogs around the use and advantages of Bidets, wrote Quora posts, and hustled a lot. His most converting channel is Facebook Ads because the clear target group that he has.	0	Canada	2015	-		Shopify	Scout		Creating a Handheld Bidet Earning $10k/mo
Mike Lecky	Vagabond Heart	vagabondheart.co	Vintage-inspired travel patches maker	E-commerce	Product	Starts at $9 per product	$120,000	Full time	$1,000 - $5,000	Mike’s idea was a combination of his interest in vintage clothing, style, and old movies, with his love of menswear and fashion, and travel.	The founder added Fulfilled by Amazon sales, and seen the number of orders on Amazon go from zero to 250 a month in 3 months, without any advertising. Another big marketing push comes from the mailing list. With 2,000 subscribers, and a 30% open rate, he tries not to spam, but the nature of the product is that if you like their designs, you probably want more, as long as it’s a place you’ve been to. Their best responses come from the 5 or 6 emails a year where they say “Hey, we’ve got new designs in the store! Have you been to X or Y?” Those tend to get a 50+% open rate and a 25+% click rate.	0	 Quebec, Canada	2017	_mikesaturday	0 - 5K	Etsy	Affiliately	Jilt	How I Started A Successful Brand Selling Vintage Patches On Etsy
Rick Blyth	Merch Wizard & KDP Wizard	kdpwizard.app	Chrome extensions for amazon sellers	Software	SaaS	Rick sets a a one-off price of $12.99 for his paid chrome extension 	$120,000	Full time	< $500	Rick was inspired by the idea of having a passive income, and with his already stressful job, he started to venture into FBA selling. From there on, he discovered a way he could make the lives of amazon merch sellers better!	Hosting conferences, focus on customer satisfaction, and joining communities helps Rick get reviews and referrals both.	0	Manchester, UK	2018	rickblyth	0 - 5K	AWS	Jira	Stripe	I Developed A Niche Chrome Extension For Amazon Merch Sellers That Makes $120K/Year
Marco Gatti	Mediatopsolution OU	presentazioneanimata.it	Animated explainer videos maker	Software	SaaS	Plan based pricing with Basic, Business and Advanced plans.	$120,000	Full time	N/A	Marco found animated videos to be an excellent communication tool but couldn't find an affordable app to make them. So he created his own tool, which impressed his clients and led him to start his own successful business.	Social media ads are effective for generating leads. In addition, utilizing long-tail keywords with low search volume helps keep the website up-to-date. 	0	Estonia	2018	presentazioneanimata.it	0 - 5K	Asana	Videoscribe	Vyond 	How I Created A $10K/Month Company That Makes Animated Explainer Videos
Sophie Britton	Sophie Crew Photography	sophiecrewphotography.com	Newborn photography studio	Media	Services	Sophie hasn't disclosed how much she charges per portrait/project, however she does advise other entrepreneurs to speak with a financial advisor to get everything to run a successful and profitable business.	$120,000	Full time	N/A	The idea came to Sophie when she saw how her iPhone wasn't enough to click her new born's picture portrait. She did enjoy the process though, after which she bought an entry-level DSLR camera and began her studio!	Although Sophie has a great SEO implemented, word of mouth is her number 1 channel. Having clients refer to her not only helps her attract consistent leads, but also helps her retain customers very well.	0	San Diego, CA, USA	2009	sophiecrewphotography	0 - 5K	WordPress	Square 	Ahrefs	How I Make $10K/Month From My Newborn Photography Studio In San Diego, CA
Eva Rosales	Hyperfluent	hyperfluent.com	Tutoring services for 9 languages	Education	Services	Eva offers both tutoring services and courses on the 9 languages she is an expert in, and has been combined making a profit of $10K/month from them. 	$120,000	Full time	< $1,000	While the country was recovering from the effects of the Great Recession, Eva, like other graduates was having trouble finding a job. She took a road trip to decide the career path she wants to take, and remembered jotting down three of her passions: children, travelling, and languages. This was the start for Hyperfluent.	Instagram is one of the main acquisition channels for Eva, which she leverages by seeking customer testimonials and putting them up on the page to get new customers. Hosting contests (with the winnner given a chance to have 2-3 FREE language sessions with Eva) has been another win on the marketing side of Hyperfluent.	0	Germany	2011	hyperfluent	0 - 5K	Instagram	YouTube 	LinkedIn	How I Make $9K/Month Teaching Languages To NBA And Premier League Players
Anthony	ANTHONYKDO INC	anthonykdo.com	Travel filmmaker and photographer	E-commerce	Services	Photo and filming sessions	$120,000	Full time	N/A	Anthony's passion for filming and moving led him to create films that were appreciated by his audience. As he gained more recognition, he started receiving requests to create films for others. After his first successful client project, he was convinced of his entrepreneurial potential.	Anthony grew his business through word of mouth and customer reviews. He quickly learned how to connect with people and make a lasting impression, building a network more valuable than gold.	0	Alberta, Canada	2017	anthonykdo	10K - 50K	Adobe suite	Pixieset	Instagram	How I Make $120K/Year As A Travel Filmmaker And Photographer
Haley Perry	Endorphitness	endorphitness.com	Online health and fitness program	Community	Services	6-Weeks program at $99	$120,000	Full time	< $500	Perry knew she wanted to work in the fitness industry since college. She started as a personal trainer and her clients inspired her to start an online coaching consultancy. 	Customer relationships have been key to Perry's business success. Besides that she also makes sure to push people to an email list using freebies they want, so that she always have a list of people who are interested in her business. If they were interested in something free, you then cultivate a relationship and hope to make them a paying customer in the future. She mainly uses Facebook and Instagram to post and share. Also has a Facebook group to give out free content to those interested. And a YouTube channel to post her workouts to, and then can be linked back to the blog.	0	Naples	2017			WP Engine	Drip	WooCommerce	How I Started A $10K/Month Online Fitness Training Program
Zach Katz	Framed Tweets	framedtweets.com	Frame your favorite tweets as art	E-commerce	Product	Zach would sell framed tweets for $49+ a pop, and sold about 1,000 per week.	$110,000	Side hustle	< $1,000	Zach was avoiding a New Year's party his parents were hosting downstairs and scrolled through Twitter - suddenly he thought "what if you could frame a tweet?" That night, he built a simple website & tweeted a link to some random people he found on Twitter, and the next morning woke up to find Framed Tweets featured on Product Hunt, Mashable, Uncrate, and a few other websites.	90% of sales were attributed to Instagram ads. He also grew organically via Twitter, Press, Influencers, and Etsy.	0	Portland	2017 (sold in 2020)	z_a_c_h_k_a_t_z	10K - 50K	Shopify	Klaviyo	Okendo	How I Stumbled Into A $300K Business Framing Tweets
Stephen Steers	Steers Consulting Group	stephensteers.com	Sales Consulting	Coaching	Consulting	Starting at just $9.99 for the Epub, and a special pre-order package with bonuses available for $45.00. Consulting rates not publicly available.	$108,000	Full time	< $500	He ventured into the coaching and consulting business after a series of pivotal moments in his career, learning the ins and outs of sales and realizing the need for effective sales coaching in the startup world.	The main customer acquisition channel highlighted here is leveraging in-person events and networking. Additionally, using LinkedIn for outreach and networking, along with speaking engagements at startup conferences, played a pivotal role in customer acquisition.	1	USA	2015	@stephensteers_	0 - 5K	Notion	Zoho One CRM	Timeshifter app	How I Became A Sales Coach After A Life-Changing Moment
Christopher Silvestri	Conversion Alchemy	christophersilvestri.com	Copywriting service for SaaS and e-commerce businesses	Marketing	Agency	"Christopher conducts consulting video calls, priced at $249 for a 60-minute call and $2,100 for a 3-month roadmap plans for the brand.

He also charges $299, $899, and $2,199 for UX copy, strategy, and testing & validation services respectively."	$100,000	Full time	< $500	Christopher loves travelling, but most desk jobs made it difficult for him to enjoy that more often. So he searched for an occupation that was a better fit for his lifestyle. As he stumbled on to the online marketing space, copywriting was the domain that began to really resonate with him.	"Relationship building, doing the best possible work, and curating a top-notch client experienced helped Christopher get the word out for his services. He was referred to new clients just by listening and addressing all client questions.

He also connected with the big players in his field through Twitter and Email, which again helped in exposure. Referrals constitute his primary acquisition channel today."	0 (1 virtual assistant)	Winchester, UK	2021	@hellyeschris	0 - 5K	Figma	WordPress	ConvertKit	How I Went From Software Engineer To Copywriter (And Made $150K In Just 18 Months)
Heidi Bender	Tons of Thanks	tonsofthanks.com	Thank you notes website	Media	Niche blog	All the thank you notes and quotes are free on Heidi's site. She earns her income from AdThrive and AdSense, plus from an Etsy shop where customers can buy digital cards and letters starting $0.99. Her book, listed on Amazon, priced at $11.99 also sells 40+ copies a month.	$100,000	Side hustle	< $500	Having learnt about blogging back in 2013, Heidi wanted to enter a niche she could perform well in. Thank you writing was one space she was good at, having written notes since her childhood. Seeing the examples of other such notes and cards on internet felt way too generic to her, and she knew she could better than them.	"Discovering AdThrive paying more than AdSense, Heidi wrote blog posts to meet AdThrive's minimum requirements of 100,000 page views a month. Learning Pinterest thereafter helped her site reach 100k page views within a few months!

As of now, the key to the success of the site has been understanding search intent and long-tail keywords, and SEO brings 99% of the traffic to Tons of Thanks."	0	USA	2014	tonsofthanks	0 - 5K	Ahrefs	Google Search Console	WordPress	I Run A Thank-You Notes Website That Makes $8.7 K/Month With Display Ads
Ivan Kutskir	Photopea	photopea.com	Online photo editor	Software	SaaS	Photopea is a free photo editor, and it generates $100K/Month from ads (6 cents per hour) through the 10 million visits it gets each month, with people spending over 1.5 million hours using it.	$100,000	Full time	< $500	Photopea started naturally as Ivan was in college. He had this idea of displaying PSD files to users online so they could edit photos without the software expertise. This gradually developed into a graphics editor software, and one iteration after the other, Photopea was launched.	Ivan had started with using Reddit and HackerNews to post how Photopea was an alternative to Photoshop. However, given the product's high utility, people started began writing about the tool, and Ivan started witnessing traffic growths.	0	Czech Republic	2017	photopeacom	0 - 5K				
Maura Rapkin	Napkin	napkinllc.com	Food consulting company	Coaching	Consulting	Maura works on a sliding scale hourly model, charging from $50-$150 per hour based on the client.	$96,000	Full time	< $500	The business started as Maura's graduation project, which was originally to make Napkin a hard cider company. Eventually, she met a woman with a farm-to-table restaurant business and helped her develop operational systems. She enjoyed this work and started acquiring more clients in the same niche.	Maura has been targetting small business owners through outreach, but realized they don’t have resources to dedicate to consulting. This year, she will be taking the help of social media interns to bring in new business and hone her partnership skills.	0	N/A	2019	napkinllc	0 - 5K	Wix	Quickbooks	Trello	How I Started My $8K/Month Mission-Driven Food Consulting Company -
Tyler M	Moneypicks	betmoneypicks.com	Sports betting blog	Media	Niche blog	Tyler has set 3 plans for the sporting events - daily picks, weekly picks, and monthly picks, at $10, $50, and $150 respectively.	$96,000	Full time	N/A	Tyler started betting on sports during the World Cup 2008, and he ventured into this not to make money, but to help people. No wonder when he did started charging, business flooded through the door.	Tyler posts on Instagram every day, partners with the top podcasts, have been running frequent giveaways to get eyeballs and traffic to his site.	0	Oregon, USA	2019	money.picks	0 - 5K	WordPress	Paypal	Fiverr	How I Make $8,000/Month Watching Sports - Starter Story
Mustafa Ercan	Radaar	radaar.io	Social media management platform	Software	SaaS	Radaar offers 3 plans, all of which come with a 14-day trial period: $9.99/mo for the basic plan, $19.99/mo for the premium plan, and $59.99/mo for the professional plan.	$96,000	Full time	N/A	The idea for Radaar started with a Mustafa's first-hand experience in seeing a lack of solutions for his own problems in using various social media scheduling tools. This was enough to drive him to work on the idea, and Radaar was born after such a brainstorming period by him.	"Communities have been a big part of Radaar's current success. In 2021, Mustafa set up a facebook group for its then-users to add members that struggle with social media scheduling. Creating this environment proved to be a helpful user acquisition strategy.

Recently, Radaar also launched its partner program on its communities, for experienced salespeople and SMEs who want to choose the right solution for their business.

Mustafa has constantly been sharing the product roadmap in public as well, including Twitter and Indie Hackers."	6		2021	ercanzirh	0 - 5K				
Angela Roche	Love & Logic	loveandlogic.co.uk	Creative branding studio	Marketing	Services	Angela has smartly calculated her desired earnings working as a solo owner, and has been prioritising "value-based pricing" over "time-based pricing". She has been charging almost the same per hour as her past agency rates, making this venture a win-win for both her earnings and freedom goals.	$96,000	Full time	$1,000 - $5,000	Angela had been the co-founder of a large successful agency for over a decade. However, her work life balance wasn't optimal, and she was struggling to juggle roles between an agency owner and a creative person. Finally, she decided to take the leap and start her own solo creative studio with a clear mind and a focus on freedom.	"As a seasoned agency owner, Angela had retained some of the mighty clients from her previous venture, that kept her solo studio running for the first year. Post that, she now focuses 100% on attracting projects and brands that she WANTS to work with, focusing on organic brand awareness more than traditional marketing.

She also prefers to collaborate with other designers, copywriters, strategists, and animators. That way she can work with the right people for the right project at the right time!"	0 (with a freelancer pool of past networks and friends)	UK	2022	love_and_logic_	0 - 5K	Adobe Creative Cloud	Boords	Spline	I Prioritized My Work-Life Balance And Now Run An $8K/Month Creative Studio
Alexis Schroeder	FITnancials	fitnancials.com	Personal finance blog for millenial women	Media	Niche blog	Alexis started Fitnancials as a passion project, but when she did decide to go in full-time, she created many digital products for millenial women, and started attracting traffic that became monetizable through advertising.	$90,000	Full time	< $500	Fitnancials initially started as a fitness blog when Alexis had lost 60 pounds while in college and people came to her for advice. With time however, it blossomed into something Alexis was passionate about, which was helping women manage, save, and earn more money.	Alexis works on Pinterest and SEO as her two mediums of marketing channels. She has taken courses in both of them to learn the necessary skills, and currently has 300+ blog drafts that will be fuelling her SEO! Alexis provides a ton of free value along with engaging hooks that helps her get targetted traffic and conversions on her digital products like the budget trackers.	0	USA	2013	fitnancials	10K - 50K	ConvertKit	Teachable	WordPress	How I Started A $7.5 K/Month Blog About Personal Finances
Steffa Mantilla	Money Tamer	moneytamer.com	Personal finance blog website	Media	Niche blog	Steffa charges $30/month (recurring) for her Shopify store, where she hosts all her digital products. These products constitute 30% of the revenue, while the other 50% comes through affiliates and ads from Steffa's website traffic.	$84,000	Side hustle	< $500	A zookeeper by profession, Steffa started this finance blog when she had her son as a way to earn a passive income and fulfull her interests, and entering this niche stemmed from her interest in finance, which she even joked among her coworkers in the zoo.	As good content started to bring in traffic for Steffa, she started collecting user emails that became a way to promote both new content and her new digital products to the audience. Through this way, she has increased her session durations and the sale of her products both.	1	USA	2018	moneytamer	0 - 5K	Shopify	ThriveCart	Teachable	How I Transitioned From Vocational Zookeeper To Starting A $7K/Month Blog About Personal Finance And Budgeting
Niki Kravchuk	AirTrackBot	airtrackbot.com	Telegram bot for flight deals	Software	SaaS	The telegram bot is free to try out, but hosts a plethora of premium options at $12/year.	$84,000	Side hustle	N/A	An indie founder since 2013, Niki had been trying his hands on multiple products. One christmas while he was waiting for his flight prices to drop, he found it irritating to manually check the websites again and again, which is when the idea for such a chatbot hit him.	"When launching, Niki placed AirTrack in popular bots catalogs, which were free and gave him an average 50 users daily. He also sent press releases to tech media channels, talking with journalists and sharing his story on there. 

As people began to talk and recommend Airtrack, organic searches became the #1 channel, consistently bringing in 70-90k new users per month."	0	Ukraine	2017	airtrackbot	0 - 5K	DigitalOcean	GoDaddy	Trello	How I Built And Grew A Telegram Bot With 1M Users
Eugene Nilus	Y2 Lending	y2lending.com	Real estate lending	Finance	Services	Eugene offers a few different short-term products that are tailored towards real estate investors and wholesalers, such as: Fix and Flip funding, 30-day GAP funding, transactional funding, and EMD (Earnest Money Deposit) funding. (Pricing: Undisclosed)	$84,000	Full time	$20,000 +	Eugene was laid off from his tech job in the summer of 2022. While going back to corporate would give him the required financial standing, he didn't want to be miserable again. Finally, he pulled the trigger and opened a HELOC.	Real-estate runs of relationship building, and Eugene sharing content across socials, sending presentations to interested investors, attending live meetups and conferences, and has also created his own events.	0	N/A	2022	eugenenilus	0 - 5K	Asana	Groove 	Facebook	How I Make $7K Average Monthly Revenue As A Real-Estate Lender -
Kelsey Vetter	Kelsey Vetter Co.	kelseyvetter.com	Pinterest marketing & strategy consulting	Marketing	Consulting	Kelsey offers 4 consulting packages. Her baseline offer is a Strategy Audit which costs $48. Her top-tier, full service pacakge costs $800/month (3-month min).	$78,000	Full time	$1,000 - $5,000	During the pandemic, Kelsey wanted to leave the corporate world and start making money online. She stumbled upon dropshipping and decided to start a print-on-demand Etsy shop. She soon realized that this business was too similar to her corporate job, but loved the Pinterest marketing aspect of the business. She decided she had the skills to turn this into a business.	In the early days, most of her clients found her through Instagram. Now the majority of clients come from referrals, Pinterest marketing and TikTok. Her first viral TikTok took her from 300 to 3,000+ followers. 	0	Florida, USA	2021	kelseyvetterco	0 - 5K	Dubsado	Canva Pro	Kajabi	I Make A Full-Time Income Helping People Grow On Pinterest
Bram Kanstein	No-Code MVP	nocodemvp.com	Online course on MVP development	Education	Online courses	Bram has priced his course at $199 purchase-able through this website	$72,000	Full time	N/A	Bram had had an extensive experience working and coaching with early-stage startups, and No-Code MVP became an outlet to let all that knowledge into a product.	Bram keeps appearing on podcasts, keeps updating his email lists to send out newsletters, and invest in social and search ads as well.	0	Netherlands	2019	nocodemvp	0 - 5K	Carrd	Revue	Stripe	Creating And Launching A $6000/Month Course As A Stay-At-Home Dad -
Ferenc Denes	HTMLG	html-online.com	Online document to HTML converter	Software	SaaS	HTMLG is priced at $48 for 6 months, $69 for 12 months, and a $159 lifetime plan.	$72,000	Full time	< $500	HTMLG is one among the 40+ websites Ferenc ownes, which he started after graduating as an automation engineer, and found building websites a great way to lead the independent life he desired all while building a passive income empire.	As HTML converted are widely used online, Ferenc did not have to invest into advertising or paid link building. The traffic came slowly by itself. Most people find HTMLG through Google search.	0	Romania	2015	htmlg	0 - 5K	Visual Studio	Ahrefs	Paint.NET	The Online HTML Editor That Generates A Passive Income Of $6K/Month
Rishit Patel	World of AI by aitools.fyi	aitools.fyi	AI tools newsletter	Media	Services	Free services are available during the initial stage.	$72,000	Side hustle	< $1,000	The idea for World of AI was sparked by a Reddit user's comment suggesting Rishit to start a newsletter in order to keep engaged with his AI tools directory website visitors.	The newsletter's main acquisition channels are his website, which receives 150k monthly visits, and its Product Hunt launch, which resulted in a great number of subscribers.	0	Canada	2023	@imrishit98	0 - 5K	firebase	Canva	Vercel	How I Started A $6K/Month AI Newsletter [With Organic Marketing]
Andrew Davison	Luhhu	luhhu.com	Zapier specialist agency	Software	Agency	Andrew operates a one-stop-shop model, and most of his clients come to him with a specific problem that requires anywhere between 2 to 10 hours to solve. He bills by the hour, and while he doesn't have retainers, with a few longer-term clients he operates mostly pay as you go.	$66,000	Full time	< $500	Working as a Zapier freelancer on Upwork, Andrew saw how busy he got working with clients. His rates had even quadrupled. After this, starting an agency was just the right choice.	Andrew gets 1-3 inquiries a day either from search channels, or from referrals through the Zapier Experts Directory.	0	England, UK	2018	N/A	0 - 5K	Webflow	Stripe	Xero	How I Started A $5.5 K/Month Zapier Specialist Agency
Brett Lindenberg	Food Truck Empire	foodtruckempire.com	Food entrepreneurship blog	Media	Niche blog	Brett earns his revenue from advertisements to support the free content he puts out. He also offers a 100% online food truck academy class, the price of which isn't disclosed.	$64,000	Side hustle	< $1,000	Stemming from an idea to start a food truck business himself, Brett was shocked to see no information available on the internet on how to start one. With his experience as an online marketer in his full-time job, he saw huge search results for keywords like "food trucks for sale". That's when Brett decided to start a blog and a podcast on this niche without quitting his job.	"Brett follows a consistent policy of publishing 2-3 high quality, 1500 word+ food entrepreneur interviews a week, and keeps his focusing on attracting interviewees for both blogs and podcasts. It took him 2-3 years of inteviewing over a 100 people to grow to this level. 

Brett also runs a 35,000 subscriber email list that he grew through free guides, sharing interviews, and business kits. Compelling offers and subsciption bonuses helps grow his audience regurarly."	0	USA	2014	ftempire	0 - 5K	Kajabi	Beprosoftware	Libsyn	How I Started A Profitable Food Entrepreneurship Blog - Starter Story
Ally McCarthy	Amanda Louise	amandalouiseswimwear.com	Fitness competition swimwear brand	E-commerce	Product	Ally's store has competition swimwear apparel for females, starting $159	$60,000	Full time	N/A	The idea for such a brand came when Ally had ordered a suit online for her bikini competition, but wasn't quite happy with it. This gave her the push to start Amanda Louise for herself and other athleyes.	Most of the business comes from people referring Amanda Louise, while the rest comes from social media and consultation.	0	Sacramento, CA	2021	amandalouiseswimwear	5K - 10K	17hats	Trello	Mailchimp	How I Started A Bikini Brand And Landed On Sports Illustrated -
Angela Carillo	Alegna Soap	alegnasoap.com	Soaps with natural aroma	E-commerce	Product	Angela's online store features soaps starting from $9.00	$60,000	Full time	N/A	Angela had always loved soaps and scents. She took the required chemistry classes in her degree and learned more about saponification, from where she joined similar communities and started her brand.	"Angela has been super consistent with her marketing endeavours, and has written 500+ keyword rich blogs till date!

Her content strategy on Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter has been to publish soap stories on almost a daily basis, from customer experiences to showing herself making the product, using equipments, etc.


"	0	New York, USA	2009	alegnasoap	0 - 5K	Woocommerce	Mailchimp	Hootsuite	How Angela Carillo Started A Soap Company Out Of Her Kitchen - Starter
Chris Durso	The Foodnited States	foodnitedstates.com	T-shirts with the printed text of US state names made from food, renamed with pun (Example: S'moregon)	E-commerce	Product	Chris sells t-shirts and stickers through this Shopify store, prices starting from $18 	$60,000	Full time	N/A	Chris's eight year old suggested him the idea of "food named states". A photo series based on this idea went viral on Instagram, and a couple years later, Chris started developing a Shopify store for t-shirts based on the same concept.	The business relies heavily on organic social media and email lists. Sometimes Chirs also targets products to specific states using social media advertising.	0	New Jersey, USA	2017	foodnitedstates	0 - 5K	Shopify	Judge.me	Privy	How Chris Durso Started A Custom T-Shirt Business Online - Starter
Sarah Hickey	Innerglow Art	innerglowart.com	Custom abstract paintings	E-commerce	Product	Sarah has art portraits on her online store priced starting $50 to $1000+. She had made the mistake of making art for free when starting out, but soon realized how important it is to cover both tangible and intangible business costs!	$50,000	Full time	< $500	Painting had helped Sarah channel her emotions of getting rejected from grad schools in a positive way, as she had been the "artsy" girl in college as well. It started as a hobby but within a few months, her friends and family encouraged her to sell her art. Seeing the demand on her store, she started Innerglow Art.	Sarah has two customer acquisition channels: Instagram and Word of Mouth. With over 24k followers on IG posting portraits and customer testimonials, Sarah is consistent to show her work on the platform. Apart from that, her quality leads to people referring her all the time.	2 (Intern and Freelance web designer)	USA	2016	innerglowart	10K - 50K	Quickbooks	Squarespace	Snapseed	How I Turned My Hobby For Painting Into A Successful Art Business -
Charlie Ward	Ramen Club	ramenclub.so	A community of indie founders	Community	Marketplace	Charlie charges $39/month (and $390/year) for community access and events - both remote and in real life.	$48,000	Full time	< $500	Charlie stumbled upon Product Hunt and attended indie hacker meetups. Eventually, he saw how encouraging meet ups are, leading him to start with the idea validation process.	After getting the initial 20 members through his personal network, Charlie began more and more communities, implemented SEO and twitter activities, and word of mouth began to revolve.	0	London, UK	2019	@weekendclubhq	0 - 5K	Webflow	Stripe	Mailchimp	How I Started a Remote and IRL Coworking Community for Indie Founders [$48K/Year]
Andrea Slinde	Golden Root	goldenroot.co	Turmeric latte mixes	E-commerce	Product	Andrea's store has turmeric latte mixes listed from $29.99	$48,000	Full time	N/A	A Phlebotomist by profession, Andrea quit her job to work in many food startups, and her experience in the farm lit a fire in her to provide healthy food to people.	A combination of networking, social media, event marketing, and partnerships has allowed Andrea to reach, attract, and retain customers for Golden Root.	0	Italy	2017	golden.root	5K - 10K	Shopify	Mailchimp	ShipStation	How Andrea Slinde Launched Her Own Organic Food Startup - Starter
Bosco Soler	SinOficina	sinoficina.com	Online coworking space and community for freelancers & entrepreneurs	Community	Niche blog	Two membership options: $59/quarter or $179/year. This includes access to Discord community, live events, and discounts on tools	$36,000	Full time	< $1,000	As a digital nomad and freelancer, Bosco loved the lifestyle but realized it could be isolating at times. He started exploring for Spanish speaking online forums for entrepreneurs but couldn't find anything. Thus, he created it.	Word of mouth has been the most powerful distribution channel for them, as they have a very low churn (3%). He also takes part in several events to spread the word about the community.	0	Spain	2018	BoscoSoler	10K - 50K	WordPress	Slack	Mailchimp	"How I Started A $3K/Month Online Coworking For Freelance And Entrepreneurs

https://netparkr.com/unique-freelancer-community-sin-oficina/

"
Josh Dudick	Top Dollar	topdollarinvestor.com	Financial education website	Media	Niche blog	With over 577k site impressions, Josh attracts a consistent traffic that he is able to monetize with ads, affiliate marketing, and also with private coaching sessions. 	$36,000	Full time	$1,000 - $5,000	Josh had been a finance nerd. He makes intelligent investments and spend most of his time reading, talking, thinking, and researching investment ideas. Naturally, when the idea to share content on this came up, his friends thought there couldn't be a better fit.	SEO and social media outreach is where Josh spends his time on. He invests $0 into advertising or marketing and has been growing organically with his content.	0	NY, USA	2022	top_dollar_investor	0 - 5K	Woocommerce	Mailchimp	WordPress	How I Make $3K/Month Off My Retirement And Personal Finance Blog As A Side Hustle
Jennifer Schwytzer	Kindfulness Coaching	kindfulnesscoaching.com	Life coach for women	Coaching	Online courses	Program's rates not publicly available.	$36,000	Full time	< $500	The founder's journey into the coaching business began during the COVID-19 pandemic, spurred by personal challenges, a transformative moment during her husband's health crisis, and a newfound commitment to self-care and well-being.	"The main customer acquisition channel for the coaching business has been LinkedIn, where the founder consistently engages in building relationships and connecting with potential clients.
"	1	USA	2020	-	0 - 5K	Squarespace	Acuity	Flodesk	How A Wake-Up Call Led Me To Start A Life-Coaching Business
Gaza Alareqi	Moco Choco	mocochoco.com	Private bakery with custom items	E-commerce	Product	Gaza's custom cakes range from $70 at the cheapest, to $650 for multi-leveled wedding cakes. 	$30,000	Full time	$1,000 - $5,000	A Yemeni by birth, Gaza was looking for a business to start when she shifted to New York, and had attented an expo called The Chocolate Expo in Long Island. Gaza's sweet tooth got the best of her and seeing how people were making a living out of it, she was the first one to start such a business in her neighbourhood in Brooklyn.	Instagram is a big source of eyeballs on Gaza's bakery shop, and she makes sure to keep it active at all times. In 99% cases, she posts pictures of her recent orders along with what the customer had to say about it! Recognizing how the whole business is about relationships, Gaza makes sure to keep in touch with the customers who ordered from her, often wishing them happy birthdays and anniversaries as follow-up texts!	0	USA	2020	mocochoco2020	5K - 10K	Instagram	Quickbooks	Cloudways	How I Started A Bakery Business In Brooklyn During Peak Covid That Now Makes $30K In Annual Revenue
Jean VAN	Fuelblock leads	fuelblock.io	SaaS leads for B2B companies and agencies	Software	SaaS	Jean has set three pricing plans for Fuelblock: The FREE one to try out the software, the "Pro" one at $117/month (on yearly plan) and an "Auto-Pilot" one at $1037/month (on yearly plan)	$30,000	Full time	< $1,000	Jean had had two "soft attempts" at his side hustles while working in his product development job, yet he believed he could build this product, learn to be flexible and risk-averse, and enjoy more time with his family and loved ones.	Not a marketer by experience, Jean has tried a number of things like newsletter sponsorships, Reddit, partnerships, which did not work for him. RIght now, LinkedIn outreach works best for him, which he is trying to scale, while also diving deeper into cold emailing, social media, and content marketing.	0 (with a few contractors to help out)	USA	2022			ConvertKit	Hubspot	Ahrefs	https://www.starterstory.com/stories/fuelblock
Nuno Facha	FreeMcServer	freemcserver.net	Minecraft server hosting	Software	SaaS	Nuno makes 95% of the gross revenue through advertisements, while the remaining by selling premium credits on the site.	$24,000	Full time	< $500	Back in 2018, Nuno had just finished school, and seeing the success of large minecraft servers online, whose founders are able to pay bills with it, he decided to build one platform himself. He was an avid minecraft player and needed a way to host the game 24/7 without the electricity bill going through the roof. That is when he started this personal project, both as a way to earn passive income, and to add to his CV.	Around 40% of the site's traffic comes through organic search, the importance of which Nuno realized much later, and began working with SEO optimization tools. He has also set up a referral system where users get credits for referring their friends. This word of mouth and the organic google searches are the primary user acquisition channels for Nuno.	0 (few volunteers who keep the platform going)	Portugal	2018	freemcservernet	0 - 5K	Scaleway	Seobility	PHP	I Built A Minecraft Hosting Service That Makes Me $1,000 In Profit Per Month
Samantha Bachand	Two Little Monkeys Photography	twolittlemonkeysphotography.com	Children photography studio	Media	Services	Samantha has set multiple photography packages on her website, starting from $350, which constitutes her revenue. For most packages, clients fill out their info with their requirements to know about the custom pricing.	$24,000	Full time	$1,000 - $5,000	Getting pregnant with twin babies, Samantha wanted to document as much as she could about her kids. She wasn't set on a particular career path until then, and immediately saw photography as the viable option to pursue.	The primary client acquisition for Samantha is through SEO, i.e organic google search that her husband works on. Instagram and Facebook are the social channels where Samantha posts her past work and gains both clients and further referrals from. She has joined multiple local groups on these channels which helped in getting the intial traction.	0	USA	2011	twolittlemonkeysphotography	0 - 5K	Adobe Photoshop	MadMimi	Instagram	How I Started A $2K/Month Newborn And Family Photography Studio
Holger Sindbaek	Online Solitaire	online-solitaire.com	Online game	Software	SaaS	Generates Ads revenue	$18,000	Side hustle	< $500	Holger was excited to explore a new programming language and generate some passive income. He had come across the success story of the creator of Bingo Card Creator who earned passive income through their website. This inspired him to develop something similar, and he began working on an online solitaire game. 
	The founder optimized webpages using Moz’s tool and built backlinks to improve solitaire search rankings. 	0	Denmark	2018			Basecamp	MOZ	Firebase	On Turning An Online Solitaire Game Into A $1.5K/Month Side Hustle
Jesse Anderson	Extra Focus	extrafocus.com	A newsletter about finding focus with ADHD—thrive with your brain's unique wiring and better manage your time, focus, and motivation	Media	Niche blog	Jesse's newsletter has a free membership and a paid subscription. $8 per month, or $80 for the year	$15,000	Side hustle	< $500	Jesse started creating content as a personal endeavor to share his experiences, insights, or strategies related to managing ADHD and improving focus.	"Jesse struggled to find his voice and topic for years. But once he started focusing on ADHD content, his platforms started to take off.

He also leveraged the power of communities. After joining a writing community, the accountability and friends helped him get 20k followers in just a few weeks."	0	USA	2021	@adhdjesse	100K - 500K	Substack	Twitter	Instagram	How ADHD Jesse Grew His Newsletter to 57k Subscribers in Just 2 Years
Justin Duke	Buttondown	buttondown.email	Newsletter software tool	Software	SaaS	Buttondown has a free plan ($0), a basic, standard, professional, advanced, and an enterprise plan at $9/month, $29/month, $79month, $139/month, and a custom price respectively.	$15,000	Full time	< $500	Tired of using heavy newsletter softwares that weren't suited for those wanting simpler features, Justin decided to build Buttondown to scratch his own itch, and appreciated any side income it might bring. (Though he later quit his job at Stripe to pursue Buttondown full-time)	Justin attracted initial users through Hackers News and Product Hunt, but they weren't meteoric successes. Currently, Buttondown attracts users with existing users using it with a "Powered by Buttondown" CTA, along with traditional marketing channels that Justin works on, that includes Twitter, blogging, and drip emails.	2 part-time freelancers	USA	2016	buttondown	0 - 5K	Ahrefs	Stripe	 Zapier	Bootstrapping A [Profitable] $15K/Month Simple Newsletter SaaS With No Experience
Slavi Grozev	Random Trivia Generator	randomtriviagenerator.com	Simple trivia questions online	Software	Niche blog	Slavi had decided to add a small adsense to cover the site's hosting costs, and fast-forward a decade, the adsense is still active, and pays for all the site expenses plus a little side income for Slavi.	$14,400	Side hustle	< $500	Back in 2010, Slavi noticed there were no fun trivia games compatible on mobile (iPhone and Blackberry then) or not flooded with ads. He created a simple 1-page site and tried it with friends and family. Back at work, Slavi saw that after some time the site was getting more than 1000 views/day, which is when he decided to work more on it.	Slavi's goal has always been to keep the site to its simplest form, adding trivia questions regurarly. With over 35k questions currently sourced by himself and the community, the site keeps attracting traffic due to the simple nature of the site. Revenue growth has slowed down and plateaued at $1200/month but hasn't stopped.	0 (hired a company to re-design the site)	Canada	2010	randomtrivia_	0 - 5K	Notepad++	LAMP	Asana	My Side Project Does One Simple Thing & Makes $14K/Year
Daniel Nguyen	KTool	ktool.io	Tool to send web articles to Kindle	Software	SaaS	Basic is $2.99/month, Premium is $3.99/month, and Platinum is $6/month, all with a 30-day free trial.	$12,000	Side hustle	< $500	Inspired by a visually impaired engineer's Hacker News post, and suffering himself from blindness on his right eye, he decided to create a tool that sends reading materials from around the web to Kindle devices.	The primary growth strategy involved building KTool publicly on Twitter, which he first leveraged to refine the product features and then to promote the product.	1	Vietnam	2022	@daniel_nguyenx	10K - 50K	React	Node.js	crisp	Building A $1K MRR Kindle Productivity Tool To Limit Screen Times 
Alec Lindsay	Baxter Inc.	usebaxter.com	Gmail organizer addon	Software	SaaS	Monthly plan of $4.99	$12,000	Side hustle	$20,000 +	"Having worked in growth and operations roles at successful startups and fueled by an MBA education, they embarked on the journey to create Baxter, inspired by the pandemic's impact on digital communication and their own need for an efficient inbox management solution.
"	"Acquiring a Chrome Extension with high SEO rankings played a significant role in driving new installs of Baxter and attracting users to the product.
"	1	USA	2022	@alindsay77	0 - 5K	Strapi	Chartmogul		How A Non-Technical Founder Started A Profitable Chrome Extension For Gmail
Craig Barber	Logobly	logobly.com	Online logo maker	Software	SaaS	Logobly has 4 plans: A $275 starter plan, a $420 business plan, an $830 pro plan, and a $1650 full agency plan.	$12,000	Side hustle	$6,000 - $10,000	Craig has been a designer all his career, and with his dream of starting his own business + researching on a lack of online logo makers on the internet, he started in 2020 with just his design skills that he could productize and a credit card, and got to work!	Craig started with posting the live site link on sites where entrepreneurs were active. Today, SEO and free digital products are the lead magnets for Craig. He loves to dig into keywords of his industry and write meaningful blogs on them. Pairing them with free ebooks helps him convert traffic into users.	0	UK	2020	craigjbarber	0 - 5K	WordPress	Mailerlite	Hotjar	How I Productized My Design Service And Created Logo Maker Tool For Startups
Marc Lou	Habits Garden	habitsgarden.com	Online habit tracker	Software	SaaS	Habits Garden has a 7-day free trial with an option to take up either a $9/month plan or a $54/year plan.	$7,200	Side hustle	< $500	Laid off from the jobs Marc was employed at, he decided to start working for himself, and discovered the builder communities on Twitter, building in public, sharing their revenues, codes, etc. Joining the movement, Marc built many apps in a short period of time, and being a fan of building and following habits in his personal life, Habits Garden being one of the apps he built.	Marc built the app in public on Twitter, giving his followers an early beta access. As a solo founder on a limited budget, he then leveraged Reddit, Hacker News, and Product Hunt to acquire users. To scale forward, Marc attracts traffic from the App Store and is now growing with a word of mouth among users.	0	Indonesia	2022	marc_louvion	10K - 50K	Stripe	Capacitor JS	Plausible	How I Built An App Around Habit Building As An Indie Developer [8,500 Users]
Mads Phikamphon 	Model Prices	modelprices.com	Website for comparing model train prices	E-commerce	Product	The site is free to use.	$0	Side hustle	< $500	Inspired by a big site for comparing IT prices, Mads decided to build something similar but for model trains as a side project to work on.	The site's current traction comes from posting on relevant Facebook groups and SEO efforts that start to pick up.	1	Copenhagen	2022	@genvejen	0 - 5K	Trello	Cloudways		I Built A Site For Model Train Enthusiasts [100,000+ Products Featured]